repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
compressor B-Item
thermostat B-Item

rear B-Location
drive B-Item
box I-Item
creating B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
item_id O

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
in B-Location
wrench B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak O
under B-Location
oil O
cooler B-Item

replace B-Activity
planun O
seal B-Item

noise B-Observation
in B-Location
compressor B-Item
item_id O

fitting B-Item
loose B-Observation
on B-Location
grease B-Item
tank I-Item
item_id O

oil B-Consumable
reserve B-Item
system B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

alternator B-Item
not B-Observation
charging. I-Observation

damaged B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hoses I-Item

mast B-Item
walkway B-Item
mounting B-Item
brackets I-Item
cracked B-Observation

inverter B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
f O
gearbox B-Item
input B-Specifier
and O
output B-Specifier
seals B-Item

repair B-Activity
and O
adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
guide B-Item

repair B-Activity
to O
lack O
retract B-Item
sensor B-Item

mast B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
lower I-Observation

alternator B-Item
not B-Observation
exciting I-Observation

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
valve I-Item
on B-Location
na O

check B-Activity
tracks B-Item

refit B-Activity
manufacturer30 B-Item
to O
machine B-Item

repair B-Activity
& O
replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
tongs I-Item
& O
dies B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
button I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
vibration B-Attribute

damaged B-Observation

mast B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
raise I-Observation

repair B-Activity
and O
return B-Activity
d90 O
track B-Item
ass. I-Item

repaired B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
pipe I-Item
on B-Location
feed B-Item
circuit I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item
stop B-Item

replace B-Activity
expansion B-Item
joint I-Item
gasket B-Consumable

front B-Location
l B-Location
\ I-Location
h I-Location
side I-Location
jack B-Item
proxy I-Item
u B-Observation
\ I-Observation
s I-Observation

ajust B-Activity
track B-Item

inverter B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

leak B-Observation
in B-Location
fuel O
system. B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
control I-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
staying I-Observation
on I-Observation

check B-Activity
vibration O
in B-Location
machine B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to B-Location
bracket B-Item
head B-Item
up I-Item
switch I-Item

repalce O
cylinder B-Item
head I-Item

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item
faulty B-Observation

mindrill B-Agent
straighten B-Activity
/ O
refurb B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
d40 O
rods B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
- O
front B-Location
jacks B-Item

replace B-Activity
fuel O
return B-Item
hose. I-Item

changeout B-Activity
l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
adaptor B-Item

damaged B-Observation
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
break B-Item
out I-Item
fork B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
separate B-Activity
stabilizer B-Item
and O
return B-Activity

refit B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
acc. O
pumps O

changeout B-Activity
lh B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
oil B-Consumable
bad B-Observation
sos O

changeout B-Activity
propel B-Item
controller I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
& O
nuts O

repaired B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
of I-Location
carousel B-Item
spider B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
in B-Location
spare B-Specifier
track B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
rod B-Item
changeout B-Activity
service B-Activity

ajust B-Activity
mast B-Item
chains I-Item
defect B-Observation
from O
operator B-Agent

changeout B-Activity
offcab B-Location
side O
track B-Item
adjuster I-Item

check B-Activity
tracks B-Item
hastings O
item_id O

hydraulic B-Item
control I-Item
button I-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
switch I-Observation
of I-Observation

no5 B-Specifier
cyl O
head O
gasket B-Consumable
leaking B-Observation
warranty O

no4 B-Specifier
hose B-Item
leaking B-Observation
top B-Location
of I-Location
separator B-Item

repair B-Activity
to O
radio B-Item
power B-Item
supply I-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item

repairing B-Activity
air B-Item
blower I-Item
on B-Location
window B-Item

changeout B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
- O
water B-Item
injecti I-Item

carousel B-Item
pin B-Item
not B-Observation
greasing I-Observation
? O
? O
? O

repair B-Activity
to O
handrails B-Item

replace B-Activity
fuel O
solenoid B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
access B-Item
stairs I-Item
switch B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe O
position O
damaged B-Observation
cups B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
weekly O
inspection B-Activity
& O
misc O
jobs O

oil B-Consumable
on B-Observation
gear B-Item
box I-Item

changeout B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
hose B-Item
in B-Location
dogbox B-Item
na O

carousel B-Item
not B-Observation
turning. I-Observation

refit B-Activity
missing B-Observation
split B-Item
pins I-Item
on B-Location
cyl O
mounts B-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
tube B-Item

replace B-Activity
head O
guide B-Item
wear B-Item
strips I-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
na O

oil B-Consumable
low B-Observation
in B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
gearbox B-Item

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench I-Item

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Attribute
&air B-Consumable
discharge B-Item
gauges I-Item
not O
d O

alternator B-Item
pulley B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing. B-Activity

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
front B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
gearbox B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
mast B-Item
na O

front B-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
coming I-Observation
on I-Observation

dangerous B-Observation
t/tronics O
( O
positioner B-Item
) O

replace B-Activity
pipe O
position O
swing B-Item
cylinder B-Item

fix B-Activity
air B-Item
cond I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

noisy O
ac B-Item
fan B-Item
motor I-Item

changeout B-Activity
l/h/f B-Location
jack B-Item
leg I-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
to B-Location
deck B-Item
leaking O
dust O
badly O

fix B-Activity
item_id O
machine B-Item
signage B-Item

align B-Activity
lh B-Location
chain B-Item
guide B-Item

danaged O
rope B-Item
cover B-Item
lower B-Location
left I-Location

mindrill B-Agent
rod B-Item
changeout B-Activity

replace B-Activity
head O
packing B-Item

leak B-Observation
at B-Location
head O
motors B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cyl. O
accident O
da O

replace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
ram B-Item

alternator B-Item
overcharging B-Observation

oil B-Consumable
reserve B-Item
making B-Observation
oil O

check B-Activity
trip B-Item
arm I-Item
on B-Location
sensor B-Item
top B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

hydrauilc O
leak O
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
hose B-Item

oil B-Consumable
samples B-Activity

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hoses B-Item

replace B-Activity
& O
relocate B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
lube B-Item
station I-Item

fix B-Activity
broken/loss O
handrails B-Item

changeout B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
- O
rotation O

replace B-Activity
positerner O
arm O
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cyl O

repalce O
alt. O
belts B-Consumable

repairs B-Activity
to O
walkway B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
supply B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

carousel B-Item
operation O
appears O
slow O

mast B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
unlock I-Observation

mast B-Item
walky O
cracked B-Observation

repair B-Activity
air B-Item
supply I-Item
to O
thread B-Consumable
lube I-Consumable

repair B-Activity
and O
return B-Activity
d90 O
track B-Item

replace B-Activity
head O
guide B-Item
cover B-Item
bolts O
item_id O

mast B-Item
walkway B-Item
cracking B-Observation

fix B-Activity
bent B-Observation
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item
pin B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
two B-Item
way I-Item
radio I-Item

replace B-Activity
/refurbish B-Activity
dril B-Item
rods I-Item

alternator B-Item
not B-Observation
charging I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
plenum B-Item
chamber B-Item

replace B-Activity
# O
5 O
cabin B-Item
window B-Item

changeout B-Activity
l/hfinaldrive O
& O
pto O
oils O
sos O

front B-Location
ladder B-Item
bent B-Observation

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
fork I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
strap B-Item
on B-Location
potable B-Item
water I-Item

refit B-Activity
pin B-Item
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

changeout B-Activity
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
input B-Item
adaptor I-Item

repair B-Activity
to O
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

repair B-Activity
to O
mast B-Item
cracking B-Observation

refit B-Activity
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
m O

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
jack B-Item
pad I-Item
eyelet B-Item

fix B-Activity
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item

carousel B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
turbo B-Item
oil O
feed B-Item
line I-Item

repair B-Activity
& O
replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
& O
adjuster B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
completed O

oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
upper B-Location
& O
middle B-Location
stacker B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
pin I-Item
item_id O

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Attribute
guage B-Item
does B-Observation
n't I-Observation
work I-Observation

repair B-Activity
to O
planemrepair O
to O
planem O

mast B-Item
warning B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

hose B-Item
leaking B-Observation
before B-Location
water O
[ O
pump B-Item

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
control I-Item
switch I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
line B-Item

repaired B-Activity
step B-Item
motor I-Item
wiring B-Item

check B-Activity
transmission B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
expansion B-Item
connector B-Item

leak B-Observation
jumper B-Item
hose I-Item
r/h B-Location
& O
main B-Specifier
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
travelling B-Item
hoses I-Item

replace B-Activity
& O
adjust B-Activity
out O
of O
wack B-Observation
head B-Item
slides I-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
switch I-Item

mindrill B-Agent
rod B-Item
changeout B-Activity
on B-Location
site I-Location
na O

hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
as O
required O

cab B-Item
door I-Item
wont B-Observation
shut. I-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
tor O
of O
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
fuel O
transfer B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hoses. B-Item

fitting B-Item
loose B-Observation
on B-Location
siwvel O

fitting B-Item
on B-Location
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
fuel O
tank B-Item
sender B-Item

no8 B-Specifier
head B-Item
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
pull B-Item
down I-Item
chains I-Item
item_id O

inverter B-Item
damaged B-Observation
240v B-Specifier
circuit B-Item

repair B-Activity
to O
auto B-Specifier
fire B-Item
supression I-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cup B-Item
bolts B-Item

damaged B-Observation
l/h O
track B-Item
link B-Item

repaired B-Activity
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
rod B-Item
support I-Item

check B-Activity
vibration B-Attribute
and O
item B-Item
on B-Location
deck. B-Item

replace B-Activity
failed B-Observation
rear B-Location
driveline B-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hyd B-Item
lines I-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

replace B-Activity
failed B-Observation
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
cylinder I-Item

replace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
limit B-Item
sw I-Item
lever B-Item

replace B-Activity
pivot B-Item
bolts I-Item
in B-Location
acess O
ladder O

replace B-Activity
guage B-Item
in B-Location
dash B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
flat B-Observation
drive O
tyre B-Item
pos O
3 O

hose B-Item
catching B-Observation
on B-Location
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

mast B-Item
won O
" O
t O
raise. O

inverter B-Item
keeps B-Observation
tripping I-Observation
on O
na O

hose B-Item
on B-Location
small B-Specifier
lifting B-Item
crane I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
on B-Location
wrench B-Item

oil B-Consumable
sample B-Activity
+ O
check B-Activity
compressor B-Item
filter B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
fuel O
filter B-Item

hose B-Item
leaking B-Observation
in B-Location
cluster B-Item
in B-Location
front I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

front B-Location
levelling B-Item
cyl I-Item
control B-Item
cable I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
# O
1 O
track B-Item
roller I-Item
rhs. B-Location

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
at B-Location
accessory B-Specifier
pumps B-Item

replace B-Activity
/ O
refurbish B-Activity
na O
rod B-Item
x1 B-Cardinality

replace B-Activity
& O
tighten B-Activity
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
wire B-Item
on B-Location
lh B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
handrail B-Item
on O
item_id O

dash B-Item
lights I-Item
out B-Observation

carousel B-Item
pivoit B-Item
mount B-Item
bolts I-Item
loose B-Observation

mindrill B-Agent
supply B-Activity
changeoutservice B-Activity
to O
gate B-Item

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
valve I-Item
ass. B-Item

replace B-Activity
failed B-Observation
turbo B-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

replace B-Activity
extension B-Item
and O
reamer B-Item
na O

repairs B-Activity
to O
water B-Item
injection I-Item

oil B-Consumable
soaked B-Observation
insulation B-Item
under B-Location
console B-Item

all B-Cardinality
warning O
lights B-Item
on B-Observation

replace B-Activity
fuel B-Consumable
rail B-Item
relief B-Item
valve I-Item

changeout B-Activity
lh B-Location
carrier B-Item
roller I-Item
on O
eddh0099 O

front B-Location
jacks B-Item
wont B-Observation
raise I-Observation

mast B-Item
walkway B-Item
fitting B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
jack B-Item
pad I-Item
na O

leak B-Observation
at B-Location
rear I-Location
of O
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

alternator B-Item
output B-Attribute
unstable B-Observation

repaired B-Activity
flood B-Item
light I-Item
supply O

changeout B-Activity
propel B-Item
motor I-Item
- O
right B-Location

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
hyd B-Item
line I-Item
on B-Location
l/h B-Location
brake B-Item

hose B-Item
off O
the O
air B-Item
tank I-Item
bent B-Observation

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
on B-Location
compressor B-Item

changeout B-Activity
lh B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
planum O
chamber B-Item
seal B-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
wont B-Observation
open I-Observation

repaired B-Activity
the O
mast B-Item
lights B-Item
x2 B-Cardinality

repl B-Activity
filter B-Item
,oil B-Consumable
and O
internal B-Activity
inspection I-Activity

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
valve B-Item
block B-Item
na O

carousel B-Item
out O
alarm B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

carousel B-Item
pin B-Item
not O
retracin O

inverter B-Item
tripping B-Observation

repaired B-Activity
light B-Item

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
fitting B-Item

front B-Location
light B-Item
u/s O

refit B-Activity
mast B-Item
to B-Location
machine B-Item

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
cyl I-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
valve B-Item
chest B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
fault B-Observation

changeout B-Activity
manufacturer6 O
pump B-Item
stroker B-Item
to O
manufacturer10 O

replace B-Activity
full B-Cardinality
set I-Cardinality
of O
drill B-Item
steels I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
access B-Item
step I-Item
slow O

repaired B-Activity
sub B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
control I-Item
tripping B-Observation
out I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
head O
guides B-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
will O
not B-Observation
stay I-Observation
shut I-Observation

changeout B-Activity
lh B-Location
eng O
camshaft B-Item
assem. O
item_id O

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
on B-Location
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench I-Item

changeout B-Activity
l/h B-Location
fuel B-Consumable
vent B-Item
valve B-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
index B-Item
cylinder I-Item

alarm B-Item
on B-Location
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
disconnected B-Observation

repair B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
and O
return B-Activity
to O
sto O

repairs B-Activity
to O
water B-Item
injection I-Item
system I-Item

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

refit B-Activity
pin B-Item
on B-Location
chain B-Item
tensioning B-Item
sprocket I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
front B-Location
sun B-Item
gear I-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
faulty B-Observation
lights B-Item

replace B-Activity
head O
guide B-Item
block B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
swing B-Item
in B-Location
cyl. B-Item

repair B-Activity
& O
adjust B-Activity
park B-Item
brake I-Item

alternator B-Item
r/s B-Location

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
pump B-Item
drive B-Item
box B-Item
? O
? O
? O

repair B-Activity
alternator B-Item
adjusting O
bracket B-Item

replace B-Activity
hoist B-Item
chains I-Item
due O
to O
wear O

repair B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
comp. O
discharge O
hose B-Item

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
24v B-Specifier
electrical B-Item
system I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
wires B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
die B-Item
holders B-Item

front B-Location
levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
creeping B-Observation
down I-Observation

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
cylinder. I-Item

refit B-Activity
pad B-Item
on B-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item

repair B-Activity
and O
return B-Activity
d90 O
air O
end B-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
seals I-Item
u/s B-Observation
replace B-Activity

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
fuel O
tank B-Item
breathers B-Item

hose B-Item
leak B-Observation
access O
pump B-Item
box I-Item

cab B-Item
fluoros I-Item
on O
the O
blink O

changeout B-Activity
acc O
pump O
relief B-Item
cartridge I-Item

front B-Location
jacks B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
work I-Observation

fix B-Activity
cab B-Item
light I-Item

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
carousel B-Item

hose B-Item
leaking B-Observation
under B-Location
walkway B-Item

noise B-Observation
in B-Location
hydraulics B-Item

dask B-Item
alarm B-Item
lights I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
a/c O

leak B-Observation
at B-Location
rear I-Location
accumulator B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
grease B-Item
line I-Item

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
& O
adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
guide B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cylinder B-Item

repair B-Activity
-complete B-Observation
loss I-Observation
of I-Observation
feed B-Item
control I-Item

changeout B-Activity
operator B-Item
seat I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
generator B-Item
motor B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
head B-Item
proximity B-Item
switch I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
top B-Location
of I-Location
rh B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
aircondition O

replace B-Activity
fuel O
tank B-Item
breathers B-Item

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Attribute
sender B-Item
faulty B-Observation

cab B-Item
fluoros I-Item
need O
attention O

carousel B-Item
not B-Observation
turning I-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to O
water B-Item
injection I-Item
lever B-Item

mast B-Item
walkway B-Item
safety B-Item
rail I-Item
cracked B-Observation

repair B-Activity
and O
re-certify B-Activity
separator B-Item
tank B-Item

repair B-Activity
alternator B-Item

check B-Activity
vibration B-Attribute
in B-Location
drive B-Item
lines I-Item

replace B-Activity
fuel O
injectors B-Item

inverter B-Item
tripped B-Observation
out I-Observation

noise B-Observation
in B-Location
rh O
track B-Item

inverter B-Item
tripping B-Observation
on B-Location
e/l O

hose B-Item
between B-Location
compressor B-Item
oil O
tank B-Item
& O
seper O

cab B-Item
door I-Item
opening B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
grease B-Item
hoses I-Item

repair B-Activity
and O
fab O
drill B-Item
signage B-Item

replace B-Activity
failed B-Observation
camera B-Item
screen B-Item

damaged B-Observation
electrical B-Item
cable I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

replace B-Activity
hand B-Item
rails I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

refit B-Activity
manufacturer30 O
chain B-Item

leak B-Observation
from B-Location
rear B-Location
housing B-Item
rear O
aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item

changeout B-Activity
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cyl I-Item
& O
adaptor B-Item
item_id O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
no5 O
r/bank B-Location
head. B-Item
need O
to O

ajust B-Activity
head B-Item
slids I-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
rear B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
not B-Observation
shutting I-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to O
blinds B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
handrail B-Item
at B-Location
ladder B-Item
access B-Item

carousel B-Item
only B-Observation
moves I-Observation
approx I-Observation
3/4 I-Observation
on I-Observation
25 I-Observation
deg I-Observation

replace B-Activity
gase O
drain B-Item
line I-Item
from B-Location
rotation B-Item
mt I-Item

carousel B-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
aligment I-Observation

alternator B-Item
requires B-Observation
changing B-Activity
out I-Activity

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench. I-Item

noise B-Observation
in B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
handrail B-Item
at B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
fuel O
priming B-Item
pump I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
handrails B-Item
on O
na O

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
temp O
probes O

alarm B-Item
going B-Observation

damaged B-Observation
chain B-Item
gaurd B-Item

replace B-Activity
hoist B-Item
chains I-Item
failing O
links O

inverter B-Item
has B-Observation
no I-Observation
output. I-Observation

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
lh B-Location
side I-Location
? O

oil B-Consumable
line B-Item
wearing B-Observation
re-position B-Activity

check B-Activity
two B-Item
way I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

all B-Cardinality
supports B-Item
from B-Location
main B-Specifier
chassis B-Item
cracked B-Observation

front B-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
faulty B-Observation

repair B-Activity
thred B-Item
lube O

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
radiator B-Item
fan B-Item
guard B-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
head O
proximity B-Item
switch I-Item

alternator B-Item
shaft B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation
- O
warranty O

oil B-Consumable
reserve B-Item
pump B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

repair B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

oil B-Consumable
level B-Observation
low I-Observation
in B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

hydrauilc O
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
swing B-Item
cylinder B-Item

hyd.s B-Item
wont B-Observation
turn I-Observation
on I-Observation

no1 B-Specifier
load B-Item
roller I-Item
u/s B-Observation

alarm B-Item
on O
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
dip B-Item
stick I-Item

refit B-Activity
pad B-Item

replace B-Activity
/ O
repair B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies I-Item

leak B-Observation
at B-Location
water B-Item
injection I-Item
hyd. B-Item
pipe I-Item

changeout B-Activity
injectors B-Item
, O
v O
& O
i O

oil B-Consumable
leak O
tell O
tale O
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
when O
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
pivot B-Item
bolt I-Item
on B-Location
shoe B-Item
pad I-Item

replace B-Activity
fuel B-Consumable
shutdown O
solenoid B-Item
na O

noise B-Observation
from B-Location
feed B-Item
chains I-Item
loose B-Observation

repair B-Activity
to O
chain B-Item
guide I-Item

replace B-Activity
dies B-Item
na O

repalce O
main B-Specifier
pto B-Item
input O
ass. B-Item

repaint B-Activity
drill B-Item

leak B-Observation
in B-Location
pipe B-Item
guide B-Item
regulator I-Item
na O

hydraulic B-Item
9 B-Cardinality
spool B-Item
stacker I-Item
valve B-Item
bypass I-Item

replace B-Activity
head B-Item
slide B-Item

check B-Activity
track B-Item
tensioner I-Item
pressures B-Attribute

hose B-Item
leaking B-Observation
@ O
auxilary B-Specifier
pump B-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

repaired B-Activity
two B-Cardinality
lights B-Item

repaired B-Activity
two B-Cardinality
ballasts B-Item

repaired B-Activity
seal B-Item
in B-Location
window B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
oil B-Item
cooler I-Item
. O
suppl O

cab B-Item
glasses B-Item
coming B-Observation
loose O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
compressor B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
front B-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
jack B-Item
pad I-Item
eyelet B-Item
na O

front B-Location
levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
creeping B-Observation

inverter B-Item
playing O
up O

repiar O
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cup B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
rod B-Item
change B-Activity
na O

replace B-Activity
/modify B-Activity
pipe B-Item
pos. B-Item
cups I-Item

leak B-Observation
in B-Location
l/h/s I-Location
feed B-Item
cyl I-Item
top B-Location
end I-Location

oil B-Consumable
lines B-Item
tangled B-Observation

repaired B-Activity
head B-Item
slide I-Item

leak B-Observation
between B-Location
water B-Item
injection I-Item
/ O
fan B-Item
pump B-Item

alternator B-Item
noisy B-Observation
& O
tripping B-Observation

replace B-Activity
fuel O
soliniod O

changeout B-Activity
l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
motor I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
through O
head O
gasket B-Consumable

mindrill B-Agent
rod B-Item
changeout B-Activity
on B-Location
site I-Location
item_id O

fix B-Activity
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

inverter B-Item
tripping B-Observation
out I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
front B-Location
vlc B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
oil B-Item
cooler I-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose. B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
2-way. B-Item

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
switch I-Item
u/s B-Observation
.the O
engine B-Item
oil O

oil B-Consumable
reserve B-Item
system B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
properly. O

