alarm B-Item
on B-Location
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
not B-Observation
sounding I-Observation

fault B-Observation
with O
feed B-Item
controller I-Item

machine B-Item
tramming B-Observation
to I-Observation
one I-Observation
side I-Observation

replace B-Activity
worn B-Observation
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
and O
ram B-Item

compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
switch I-Item
u/s B-Observation

increase B-Activity
view B-Item
window I-Item
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

misssing O
2 O
" O
cam B-Item
lock I-Item
lh B-Location
fill B-Location
point I-Location

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
engine B-Item
deck B-Item

replace B-Activity
discharge B-Item
hose I-Item
na O

reposition B-Activity
deck B-Item
light B-Item

war O
: O
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item

replace B-Activity
gearbox B-Item
breather B-Item

lube B-Consumable
sys B-Item
going B-Observation
out I-Observation
on I-Observation
falt O

mindrill B-Agent
changeout B-Activity
on O
site B-Location
na O

broken B-Observation
grease B-Item
injectors I-Item
item_id O

rotary B-Item
head I-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
item_id O

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
4/08 B-Time

drill B-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
change I-Observation
from I-Observation
drilling I-Observation
to I-Observation
tram I-Observation

scv B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
22/07/09 B-Time

rebuild B-Activity
rear B-Location
d90 O
jack B-Item
cyl I-Item

thread B-Item
grease I-Item
pedal B-Item
sticking B-Observation

top B-Location
view B-Item
window I-Item
blower B-Item
on B-Observation
all O
time B-Observation

alternator B-Item
needs B-Observation
realigning I-Observation

top B-Location
heater B-Item
tap B-Item
leaks B-Observation
when I-Observation
closed I-Observation

start B-Activity
machine B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
hose I-Item

light B-Item
directed O
at B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
boom B-Item
u/s B-Observation

holding B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder I-Item
creeping B-Observation

order B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
u B-Consumable
bolts I-Consumable
for O
feed B-Item
brackets I-Item

holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
badly. O

adjust B-Activity
hydraulic B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

check B-Activity
machine B-Item
for O
hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation

engine B-Item
revs B-Observation
dying I-Observation
item_id O

head B-Item
rotation B-Attribute
slow B-Observation

repair B-Activity
work B-Item
deck I-Item
hand-rail B-Item

replace B-Activity
sheave B-Item
carrier I-Item
slides I-Item

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
on B-Location
cylinder B-Item

servo B-Item
filter B-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
na O

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
plennum B-Item
chamber I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
switch B-Item
sticking B-Observation

put B-Activity
in I-Activity
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

repalce B-Activity
mast B-Item
pivot B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

l/h B-Location
air B-Item
filter I-Item
guage B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

need O
fitting O
& O
hose B-Item
outside B-Location
cab B-Item

replace B-Activity
head B-Item
guide I-Item
item_id O

deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
hoses B-Item
keep B-Observation
coming O
loose. B-Observation

both B-Cardinality
a/c B-Item
's O
noisy B-Observation

align B-Activity
under B-Location
deck B-Item
camera B-Item

changeout B-Activity
dcp B-Item
extinguishers I-Item

grease B-Item
pump I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
on B-Location
thread B-Item
lube O

stair B-Item
control I-Item
unit I-Item
broken B-Observation
off I-Observation

replace B-Activity
rod B-Item
wiper B-Item
seal B-Item

blowen B-Observation
tourbcharger O

wnty O
left B-Location
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cylinder I-Item
rod B-Item
wear B-Observation

found O
head B-Item
slide I-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item

adjust B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belt I-Item
item_id O

compressor B-Item
poppet B-Item
manifold B-Item
gasket B-Item
leakin B-Observation

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item

adjust B-Activity
lights B-Item
item_id O

deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

head B-Item
hitting B-Observation
carousel B-Item
item_id O

arm B-Item
rest I-Item
misssing B-Observation
from B-Location
seat B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
wrench B-Item

check B-Activity
stacker B-Item
valve B-Item
item_id O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
seperator B-Item
to O
cross O

loose B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
edd095 O

air B-Item
cond I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
no2 O

machine B-Item
using B-Observation
coolant I-Observation

repair B-Activity
guide B-Item
rear B-Location
l.h. B-Location
jack B-Item

replace B-Activity
front B-Location
camera B-Item

replace B-Activity
o B-Item
ring I-Item
c B-Item
spanner I-Item

new B-Specifier
mirrors B-Item
need B-Observation
to O
be O
fitted. B-Activity

ram B-Item
bent B-Observation

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
brake B-Item
release B-Item
wire I-Item
na O

misc O
jobs B-Activity
na O

scv B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
8/07 B-Time

both B-Cardinality
a/c B-Item
valve B-Item
in B-Location
dog B-Item
box I-Item
leaking B-Observation

carousel B-Item
scraping B-Observation
when I-Observation
drilling I-Observation
at I-Observation
angle I-Observation

licra B-Item
screen I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

monitor B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute
item_id O

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
carousel B-Item
wear B-Item
slides I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
rear B-Location
camera B-Item

wnty O
right B-Location
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cylinder I-Item
rod B-Item
wear B-Observation

hastings B-Agent
checking B-Activity
lights B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
na O

fit B-Activity
bottom B-Location
radiator B-Item
hose. B-Item

hastings B-Agent
order B-Activity
top B-Location
viewer B-Item
window I-Item
blind I-Item

oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item
reading B-Observation
low I-Observation

feed B-Item
pressure B-Item
pot I-Item
knob B-Item
needs B-Observation
locking O

c/o B-Activity
lower B-Location
starter B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
machine B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
water B-Item
tank I-Item
strainer B-Item

rear B-Location
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
rear O
spider B-Item
movement B-Observation

refit B-Activity
reamer B-Item
after O
down O
day O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
carosell B-Item

deck B-Item
has O
falling B-Observation
out I-Observation

oil B-Consumable
in B-Location
radiator B-Item
item_id O

k O
port B-Item
o B-Item
ring I-Item
on B-Location
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
leaking B-Observation

winch B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
come I-Observation
down I-Observation

adj B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item

relocate B-Activity
cab B-Item
light I-Item
pointing O
at B-Location
work B-Item
deck I-Item

handrail B-Item
cracked B-Observation
at B-Location
deck B-Item
area. B-Location

remove B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
rod B-Item
from B-Location
carousel. B-Item

order B-Activity
deck B-Item
seals B-Consumable
for O
na O

replace B-Activity
retainer B-Item
under B-Location
floor B-Item

warranty O
l/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
gland B-Item
leaking B-Observation

carousel B-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
na O

lost B-Observation
down O
hole B-Item
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

dash B-Item
lights I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

lube B-Consumable
cycle B-Item
timer I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
in B-Location
to I-Location
carsel B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
wrench I-Item

clives B-Item
pin I-Item
broken B-Observation
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
and O
vibration B-Observation
@ B-Location
auxiliary B-Item
box I-Item

replace B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
cooling I-Item
fan I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
30/07 B-Time

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
tight B-Observation
on B-Location
stems B-Item

replace B-Activity
light B-Item
on B-Location
walk B-Item
way I-Item
item_id O

mem B-Agent
labour O
x6 B-Cardinality
na O
22/07/09 B-Time

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
extension B-Item
& O
reamer B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
& O
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

numerous B-Cardinality
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
on B-Location
machine B-Item

change B-Activity
grease B-Item
nipple I-Item
on B-Location
driveshaft B-Item
na O

head B-Item
creeaping B-Observation
down I-Observation

jacks B-Item
won B-Observation
" I-Observation
t I-Observation
work. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
drain B-Item
bung I-Item
rh B-Location
fan B-Item
adaptor B-Item

jacks B-Item
slow B-Observation
item_id O

item_id O
engine B-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
start I-Observation

feed B-Item
pipe B-Item
cracked B-Observation

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
item_id O

warr O
: O
lh B-Location
rotation B-Item
motor I-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
pulldown B-Item
chain I-Item
adjuster B-Item

warranty O
lh B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
leaking B-Observation

chubb B-Agent
service B-Activity
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item

overhaull O
shock B-Item
sub I-Item

water B-Item
trap I-Item
needed O
on B-Location
top I-Location
view B-Item
window I-Item

check B-Activity
pulldown B-Item
chains I-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
repair B-Activity
na O
11/07 B-Time

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
light B-Item
staying B-Observation
on I-Observation

tramming O
slow B-Observation

remove B-Activity
rod B-Item
item_id O

equiliser B-Item
bar I-Item
mountings B-Item
worn B-Observation

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
30/07 B-Time

blown B-Observation
rotation B-Item
line I-Item

reweld B-Activity
guide B-Item
rear B-Location
left I-Location
jack B-Item

warr O
front B-Location
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
u/s B-Observation

adj B-Activity
feed B-Item
chains I-Item

turn B-Activity
sub B-Item

item_id O
- O
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

rear B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
hot B-Observation

machine B-Item
shutting B-Activity
down I-Activity
electrical B-Observation
fault I-Observation

check B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
ram B-Item
na O

no B-Observation
labeling I-Observation
@ B-Location
fuel B-Consumable
fill B-Location
point I-Location

replace B-Activity
lhs B-Location
tram B-Item
hose I-Item
na O

front B-Location
emergency B-Item
step I-Item
getting B-Observation
stiff I-Observation

breakout B-Item
cylinder I-Item
weeping B-Observation

main B-Specifier
pump B-Item
box I-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

repair B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
clamp B-Item

warr O
: O
separator B-Item
filter B-Item
light I-Item
on B-Observation
item_id O

loose B-Observation
bolt O
on B-Location
head B-Item
slide I-Item
catching B-Observation

compressor B-Item
not B-Observation
making I-Observation
enough I-Observation
air O
na O

breakout B-Item
function B-Item
appears B-Observation
back O
to B-Observation
front I-Observation

hastings B-Agent
monitoring B-Activity
, O
inspection B-Activity
of O
drill B-Item

check B-Activity
pipework B-Item
for O
leaks B-Observation

replace B-Activity
staple B-Item
lock I-Item
in B-Location
fork B-Item
hose I-Item
item_id O

measure B-Activity
mast B-Item
pivot B-Item
bolt B-Item
size B-Attribute

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
acc B-Item
pump B-Item
at B-Location
mount B-Item
? O
? O

check B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
alarm B-Item
on B-Location
dms B-Item
panel I-Item
na O

order B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
latching B-Item
relays I-Item
item_id O

cutting B-Observation
out I-Observation
on O
low B-Observation
compressor B-Item
oil I-Item
alarm. I-Item

relocate B-Activity
fire B-Item
extinguisher I-Item

relocate B-Activity
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
hoses B-Item
na O

hastings B-Agent
check B-Activity
hoses B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

scope B-Activity
up O
pins O
and O
bushs B-Item
geo O
graph O

chubb B-Agent
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
service B-Activity

replace B-Activity
grease B-Item
hose I-Item
rh B-Location
track B-Item

engine B-Item
oil I-Item
press B-Item
guage I-Item
u/s B-Observation

test B-Activity
for O
take O
5 O
printout O

reweld B-Activity
rhs B-Location
bottom B-Location
sheave B-Item
cover I-Item
na O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
lh B-Location
track B-Item
adjuster I-Item
piping B-Item

vibration B-Observation
in B-Location
machine B-Item
item_id O

engine B-Item
is O
having B-Observation
trouble I-Observation
starting. I-Observation

no B-Observation
down O
hole O
air O
. O

replace B-Activity
rusted B-Observation
flap B-Item
at B-Location
cabin B-Item
? O
? O
? O

hastings B-Agent
250hr B-Time
initial B-Activity
service I-Activity

stopped O
for O
fitters O
working O
on O
na O

wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
continue I-Observation
to I-Observation
run I-Observation

rear B-Location
jack B-Item
indication B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

minor O
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
compressor B-Item
tank B-Item

reweld B-Activity
sub B-Item
saver I-Item
broken B-Observation
off I-Observation

can B-Observation
not I-Observation
remove I-Observation
bitt B-Item

replace B-Activity
radiator B-Item
ovflow O
hose O

repair B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
fitting I-Item

fit B-Activity
up I-Activity
air B-Item
hose I-Item
inside B-Location
& O
outside B-Location
of O
cab B-Item

tighten B-Activity
sight B-Item
glass I-Item
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

drain B-Activity
g/box B-Item
over B-Observation
full I-Observation

c/o B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

slapper B-Item
wrench I-Item
stopper B-Item
block I-Item
weldout B-Activity

check B-Activity
track B-Item
cycle B-Attribute
time I-Attribute

front B-Location
ac B-Item
not B-Observation
functioning I-Observation
properly O

monitor B-Activity
rear B-Location
tri B-Item
box I-Item
imput O
shaft O

warranty O
door B-Item
latch I-Item
on B-Location
dog B-Item
box I-Item
u/s B-Observation

chubb B-Agent
replace B-Activity
foam B-Item
extingisher I-Item
on B-Location
front I-Location

miscelaneous O
cracking B-Observation

weld B-Activity
sub B-Item
saver I-Item

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
weep B-Observation
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
lower B-Location
seal B-Item

acc O
damage B-Observation
repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
air B-Item
piping I-Item
scv O

refit B-Activity
pivot B-Item
pin I-Item
to B-Location
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item

rear B-Location
crane B-Item
controls B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
coming B-Observation
around I-Observation
too I-Observation
far I-Observation

blowing B-Observation
black I-Observation
smoke I-Observation
item_id O

brake B-Item
out I-Item
ram I-Item
leaking B-Observation
badly I-Observation

mem B-Agent
labour B-Activity
na O
16/07 B-Time

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cyl. I-Item
light B-Item
staying B-Observation
on I-Observation

removedwater O
flow B-Item
meter I-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item

replace B-Activity
1 B-Cardinality
side B-Location
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cup B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
top B-Location
door B-Item
& O
lh B-Location
front B-Location
glass B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
controler B-Item

cut B-Activity
out I-Activity
holes B-Observation
in B-Location
work B-Item
table I-Item
for O
washing O

replace B-Activity
sl32 O
injectors B-Item

dust O
entering B-Observation
cab B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
refurb B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

carousel B-Item
requires B-Observation
strengthing I-Observation
ppl O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
air B-Item
lines I-Item
@ O
compressor B-Item
need B-Observation
chang O

lost B-Observation
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item
foot B-Item

remove B-Activity
tramming B-Item
relay I-Item
for O
tacho B-Item

replace B-Activity
cab B-Item
blow B-Item
down I-Item
gun I-Item

reweld B-Activity
sub B-Item
saver I-Item
na O

rod B-Item
support I-Item
hitting B-Observation
in O
cab B-Item

rotation B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute
needs B-Observation
adjusting I-Observation

blown B-Observation
turbo B-Item
item_id O

hobo B-Item
mounting B-Item
bolts I-Item
loose B-Observation

breakout B-Item
die I-Item
bolts B-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
repair B-Activity
hoses B-Item
na O
13/07/09 B-Time

misc O
jobs B-Activity
from O
operator B-Agent
pre B-Activity
start I-Activity

mem B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
4/08/09 B-Time

item_id O
pre B-Activity
service I-Activity
setup I-Activity

rebuild B-Activity
wash B-Item
down I-Item
pump I-Item

repair B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
front B-Location
emergency B-Item
step I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
tower B-Item
na O

blowen B-Observation
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
bottem I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

sump B-Item
reservetnk B-Item
leaking B-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
worn B-Observation

vibration B-Observation
in B-Location
drive B-Item
train I-Item

weld B-Activity
keeper B-Item
plate I-Item
on O
to O
hold O
in O

crack B-Item
in B-Location
frame B-Item
at B-Location
rh B-Location
jack B-Item
tube B-Item

miscelaneous O
leaks B-Observation
@ O
front B-Location
pumps B-Item
? O
? O

relieve B-Activity
dirt B-Observation
build I-Observation
under B-Location
crane B-Item
controls B-Item

main B-Specifier
c/b B-Item
on B-Location
generator B-Item
tripping B-Observation
out. I-Observation

hand B-Item
rails I-Item
@ B-Location
mast B-Item
access O
need B-Observation
removing O

connect B-Activity
flood B-Item
bar I-Item
on B-Location
top I-Location
window B-Item

potable B-Item
water I-Item
system B-Item
u/s B-Observation

scv B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
30/07 B-Time

thread B-Item
grease B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

leaks B-Observation
near B-Location
carousel B-Item

camera B-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

reweld B-Activity
sub B-Item
saver I-Item
to B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

bent B-Observation
rod B-Item
[ O
accident B-Observation
damage I-Observation
] O

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
8/07 B-Time

retension B-Activity
feed B-Item
ropes I-Item

two B-Item
way I-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
tranismit O

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
rear B-Location
of I-Location
motor B-Item

leaking B-Observation
fan B-Item
hose B-Item
item_id O

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
audible B-Item
alarm I-Item
not B-Observation
workin I-Observation

order B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
fan B-Item
hub B-Item

operators B-Agent
complain B-Activity
wont B-Observation
turn I-Observation
properly O

weld B-Activity
repair B-Activity
rod B-Item
support I-Item

leica B-Item
screen I-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

wash B-Activity
down I-Activity
hose O
loosing B-Observation
pressure I-Observation
? O
? O

pipe B-Item
loader I-Item
creeping B-Observation
out I-Observation
on I-Observation
vertical I-Observation

warr O
: O
cabin B-Item
& O
air B-Item
pipe I-Item
suport B-Item
damage B-Observation

heater B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

rear B-Location
air B-Item
blower I-Item
to O
short O

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
oil B-Consumable
level B-Item
gauge I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
head B-Item
guide I-Item
bolts B-Consumable

locking B-Item
pin I-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
staying B-Observation
on I-Observation

changeout B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
wear B-Item
slides I-Item

replace B-Activity
front B-Location
and I-Location
rear I-Location
carrier B-Item
rollers I-Item

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
pivot B-Consumable
bolts I-Consumable

retension B-Activity
head B-Item
ropes I-Item
na O

machine B-Item
setup B-Activity
in O
sap O

adjust B-Activity
electronic B-Item
level I-Item
system I-Item
item_id O

tong B-Item
wont B-Observation
retract I-Observation

zacs B-Agent
fabricate B-Activity
& O
supply B-Activity
parts B-Item
bin B-Item
signs B-Item

scv B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
4/08 B-Time

check B-Activity
mast B-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

feed B-Item
rope I-Item
off B-Observation
upper B-Location
sheave B-Item

monitor B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute
na O

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
tyrbo B-Item
timer I-Item

suction B-Item
line I-Item
on B-Location
radiator B-Item
cracked B-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
water B-Item
inj I-Item
flow B-Item
divider I-Item

remove B-Activity
rods B-Item
from B-Location
machine B-Item

seal B-Item
cracks B-Observation
in I-Observation
glass B-Item
rubber I-Item
strips I-Item

replace B-Activity
grease B-Item
nipple I-Item
on B-Location
uni B-Item
na O

off B-Location
side I-Location
track B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
go I-Observation
in I-Observation
to I-Observation
reverce O

wash B-Item
down I-Item
hose I-Item
missing B-Observation
nozzle B-Item

acc O
: O
replace B-Activity
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
1/07 B-Time

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
21/07/09 B-Time

positioner B-Item
cups I-Item
not B-Observation
clamping I-Observation
properly O

check B-Activity
tramming B-Observation
fault I-Observation

rear B-Location
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

gearbox B-Item
temp B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
sign B-Item
skid B-Item

lights B-Item
near B-Location
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
dim B-Observation

repalce B-Activity
air B-Item
filters I-Item
item_id O

rotary B-Item
head I-Item
speed B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

repair B-Activity
air B-Item
window I-Item
cleaner I-Item

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

rotation B-Attribute
slow B-Observation
& O
low B-Observation
stallout B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

wiper B-Item
blade I-Item
misssing B-Observation

feed B-Item
control B-Item
lever I-Item
intermittent B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
posationer O
arm O

chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
needs B-Observation
changing O

miscelaneous O
leaks B-Observation

mast B-Item
lights B-Item
u/s B-Observation

water B-Item
injuction I-Item
pipe I-Item
leaking B-Observation

check B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute
aux B-Specifier
gearbox B-Item
na O

receiver B-Item
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item
wrong B-Observation
type I-Observation

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
vibration B-Observation
in B-Location
machine B-Item

replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
carosell B-Item
hose B-Item

chain B-Item
gard I-Item
fell B-Observation
out I-Observation

claem O
and O
sanitised B-Activity
a/c B-Item
units I-Item

adjust B-Activity
rear B-Location
door B-Item

leaking B-Observation
ram B-Item
on B-Location
tool B-Item
wrench I-Item
na O

misc O
jobs O
from O
operator B-Agent
prestart B-Activity
insp O
6/ O

repair B-Activity
steps B-Item
accident B-Observation
damage I-Observation

change B-Activity
rh B-Location
mast B-Item
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

bent B-Observation
handrails B-Item

c/o B-Activity
upper B-Location
starter B-Item

fire B-Item
supression I-Item
system I-Item
repairs B-Activity

front B-Location
emergency B-Item
stairs I-Item
hard B-Observation
to I-Observation
lower I-Observation

holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
requires O
replacing. B-Activity

inspect B-Activity
/ O
change B-Activity
deck B-Item
fork I-Item

oil B-Consumable
coming B-Observation
out I-Observation
of O
breather B-Item
item_id O

pre B-Activity
service I-Activity
set B-Activity
up I-Activity
na O

remove B-Activity
retaining B-Item
blocks I-Item
fork B-Item
cylinders I-Item

replaced B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
seal B-Item

scv B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
16.07 B-Time

agl B-Agent
replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
roof B-Item
viewing B-Item
window I-Item

seat B-Item
arm B-Item
rests I-Item
faulty B-Observation

replace B-Activity
breather B-Item
on B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
box I-Item

thread B-Item
lube O
has O
low B-Observation
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

relocate B-Activity
lube B-Item
pot I-Item
overflow O

refit B-Activity
right B-Location
hand I-Location
track B-Item

lh B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item
adaptor B-Item
seal B-Consumable
weeping B-Observation

scope B-Activity
slop O
in O
rod B-Item
support I-Item

wiring O
fault B-Observation
to B-Location
alternator B-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
240v B-Specifier
and O
24v B-Specifier
work B-Item
lights I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
fron B-Location
water B-Item
pump I-Item

tec O
50 O
leak B-Observation
near B-Location
cab B-Item
item_id O

heat B-Activity
and O
break B-Activity
stem B-Item

hose B-Item
fallen B-Observation
off I-Observation
washdown B-Item
pump I-Item
na O

limit B-Item
switch I-Item
has B-Observation
come O
away B-Observation

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
deflector I-Item
chain B-Item
na O

reamer B-Item
& O
extension B-Item
thin O
changeout B-Activity

replace B-Activity
dust B-Item
curtains I-Item

deck B-Item
fork I-Item
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

loose B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
lighting B-Item
bracket B-Item

pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
sensor B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

broken B-Observation
hand B-Item
rail I-Item
on B-Location
work B-Item
deck I-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
forward O
rotation B-Item
pipe I-Item

oil B-Consumable
laek O
on B-Location
compressor B-Item

repair B-Activity
lights B-Observation
out I-Observation
on B-Location
the O
machine B-Item

slow B-Observation
tramming O
lhs B-Location
forward I-Location
na O

replace B-Activity
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
& O
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
l O

check B-Activity
hyd B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
na O

pump B-Item
drive I-Item
box I-Item
over- B-Observation
full I-Observation

rh B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
broken B-Observation
hose B-Item
item_id O

move B-Activity
eng B-Item
camera B-Item

scv B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
21/07/09 B-Time

carousel B-Item
lock B-Item
pin I-Item
not B-Observation
retracting I-Observation

check B-Activity
potable B-Item
water I-Item
system B-Item

top B-Activity
up I-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
start I-Observation
item_id O

fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
signs B-Item
to B-Location
skid B-Item
item_id O

over B-Observation
filled I-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
item_id O

slapper B-Item
blocks I-Item
need O
building B-Activity
up I-Activity

strip B-Activity
and O
overhaul B-Activity
shock B-Item
sub I-Item

weeping B-Observation
oring B-Item
on B-Location
steel B-Item
pipe I-Item

fit B-Activity
up I-Activity
misssing B-Observation
filter B-Item
parts I-Item

fit B-Activity
stops B-Item
to B-Location
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item

changeout B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item
na O

check B-Activity
adjustment B-Activity
of O
chains B-Item

broken B-Observation
latch B-Item
alternator B-Item
insp B-Activity
door B-Item

fabricate B-Activity
mast B-Item
walkway B-Item
gate I-Item

loose B-Observation
shroud B-Item
engine B-Item
oil I-Item
filter I-Item
housing B-Item

aux B-Specifier
gearbox B-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
na O

get B-Activity
part B-Attribute
no I-Attribute
off B-Location
pumps B-Item

replaec O
hosev O
from B-Location
metering B-Item
pump I-Item

l5 O
track B-Item
roller I-Item
to O
be O
replaced B-Activity

tidy B-Activity
up I-Activity
mast B-Item
hosing B-Item
catching B-Observation

change B-Activity
lh B-Location
mast B-Item
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
16/07 B-Time

seal B-Item
weeping B-Observation
rotation B-Item
hose I-Item

warr O
compressor B-Item
input B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
seat B-Item
arm B-Item
rests I-Item

