ram B-Item
on B-Location
cup B-Item
rod B-Item
support I-Item
broken B-Observation

fit B-Activity
uop I-Activity
modified B-Specifier
winch B-Item

replace B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
track B-Item
adjuster I-Item
fittings I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
cylinder B-Item
item_id O

fit B-Activity
light B-Item
&buzzer B-Item
to O
tram B-Item
over I-Item
ride I-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
stacker B-Item
valve. B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
na O

nix-fm/am B-Item
not B-Observation
working..install O
new B-Specifier
one O

axle B-Item
pivots I-Item
dry B-Observation

nixon B-Agent
to O
change B-Activity
out I-Activity
mine B-Item
radio I-Item
item_id O

fit B-Activity
turbo B-Item
accum B-Item
/air O
pressure O
turbo B-Item
mods O

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
up B-Location
mast. B-Item

batteries B-Item
flat B-Observation

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
switch B-Item

replace B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
fuel B-Consumable
vent B-Item
valves B-Item

c/b O
no O
7 O
e/l O
u/s B-Observation

fit B-Activity
coolant B-Item
sensor I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
rh B-Location
feed B-Item
sprocket I-Item

def O
: O
work B-Item
deck I-Item
dropping B-Observation
at I-Observation
90 O
degrees B-Observation

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
to O
alternator B-Item

dipstick B-Item
tube B-Item
loose B-Observation
in O
pto B-Item
housing I-Item

heater B-Item
has B-Observation
to I-Observation
be I-Observation
turned I-Observation
of I-Observation
manually I-Observation

feed B-Item
cable B-Item
pulley I-Item
slipping B-Observation

radio B-Item
reception B-Attribute
still O
very B-Observation
poor O

generator B-Item
cover B-Item
to B-Activity
be I-Activity
mounted I-Activity
properly O

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
mast B-Item
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
track B-Item
link I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
rear B-Location
gear B-Item
box I-Item

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
operator B-Item
cab B-Item
window. B-Item
need O

replace B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
hose B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
cooling B-Item
pump I-Item
suction B-Item
sealto O

replace B-Activity
1nordic O
light B-Item

bad B-Observation
sample O
front B-Location
box B-Item

monitor B-Activity
fuel B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
no2 O
cyl B-Item
head I-Item
fuel B-Item
line I-Item

repair B-Activity
r/h B-Location
hoist B-Item
chain I-Item

repair B-Activity
propel B-Item
pipe I-Item

c/b6 O
tripping B-Observation
e/l. O

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item

air B-Item
conditioning I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

bars B-Item
on B-Location
positioner B-Item
bent B-Observation

air B-Item
control I-Item
cylinder I-Item
for O
compressor B-Item

fit B-Activity
tuff B-Item
box I-Item
to O
na O

discon B-Activity
gene B-Item
from O
shutdown B-Item
pad. I-Item

fit B-Activity
manufacturer1 B-Agent
straps B-Item
to B-Location
traveling O
hoses B-Item

fuel B-Item
filter I-Item
requires B-Observation
tightening O

change B-Activity
down O
hole O
ari B-Item
cylinder I-Item
on B-Location
valve B-Item

modify B-Activity
chain/sprocket B-Item
guards B-Item

replace B-Activity
no O
10 O
r/h B-Location
load B-Item
roller I-Item

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
line I-Item
underneath B-Location
drill B-Item

repair B-Activity
pump B-Item
stroker I-Item

dismantle B-Activity
cylinders B-Item

engine B-Item
rpm B-Attribute
dropping B-Observation

def O
: O
water B-Item
injection I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
n/o O
6 O
l/bank B-Location
injector B-Item
line. I-Item

modify B-Activity
bit B-Item
changeout B-Item
pot I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
engine B-Item
fan I-Item
adaptor B-Item

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
proxy B-Item
switch I-Item
item_id O

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
weep B-Observation
l/h B-Location
side I-Location
of O
winch B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable

dms B-Item
panel I-Item
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
alarm I-Item
u/s B-Observation

generator B-Item
siezed B-Observation

blown B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
hose I-Item
carousel B-Item
index B-Item
cylinder I-Item

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

heat B-Activity
up I-Activity
reamer B-Item
to O
break O
bit O
off O

fit B-Activity
light B-Item

nixon B-Agent
: O
drill B-Item
59 O
repair B-Activity
camera B-Item
system I-Item

nixon B-Agent
: O
fit B-Activity
2nd B-Cardinality
two B-Item
way I-Item
drill B-Item
will O
be O
in O
t O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

bypassing O
injectors B-Item
top B-Location
of I-Location
loader B-Item
l/h B-Location

refit B-Activity
depth B-Item
counter I-Item
chain B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
inside B-Location
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
idler. B-Item

fit B-Activity
modified B-Specifier
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
mounts B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
fitting B-Item
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

fit B-Activity
longer O
bracket B-Item
for O
proxy B-Item
switch I-Item

air B-Item
discharge I-Item
temp B-Item
gauge I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in O
chassis B-Item

c/o B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
controller I-Item
item_id O

fuel B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
req B-Observation
fixing O
properly O
! O
! O
! O

jumpstart B-Activity
item_id O

modify B-Activity
battery B-Item
box I-Item
cover B-Item

dms B-Item
panel I-Item
u B-Observation
\ I-Observation
s I-Observation

dms B-Item
panel I-Item
compressor B-Item
low B-Observation
oil I-Observation
press B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
& O
seal B-Item
on O
na O

engine B-Item
rpm B-Attribute
fluctuating B-Observation
manifold B-Item
red B-Observation

engine B-Item
shut B-Event
down I-Event
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

engine B-Item
shut B-Event
down I-Event
o/temp B-Observation

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
around O
cooler B-Item
pack I-Item

replace B-Activity
motor B-Item
seal B-Item
lh B-Location
propel B-Item
motor. I-Item

fit B-Activity
missing B-Observation
circlip B-Item
to B-Location
mast B-Item
pin B-Item

raise B-Activity
position B-Attribute
of O
head B-Item
fart I-Item
valves I-Item

feed B-Item
chains I-Item
loose B-Observation

engine B-Item
rocker B-Item
box I-Item
gasket B-Item
leaking B-Observation

monitor B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
coolant O
pipe B-Item

fit B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
pin B-Item

ajust B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
tracks B-Item
loose B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
lighting B-Item
and O
earth O
fault B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
mast B-Item
rails B-Item

c/o B-Activity
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cup B-Item
item_id O

nixon B-Agent
repair B-Activity
mine B-Item
radio I-Item

air B-Item
control I-Item
sticking B-Observation
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
come I-Observation
on I-Observation

replace B-Activity
moveable B-Item
jaw I-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item

fuel B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

generator B-Item
keeps B-Observation
cutting O
out B-Observation
on O
low B-Observation
idle. I-Observation

monitor B-Activity
leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
outer B-Location
feed B-Item
pipe I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
system I-Item
butterfly B-Item

heat B-Activity
up I-Activity
rod B-Item

nixon B-Agent
replace B-Activity
mine B-Item
radio I-Item

c/o B-Activity
accessory B-Specifier
hyd B-Item
pump I-Item
rear B-Location

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
fork I-Item

modify B-Activity
bit B-Item
camera B-Item
lens I-Item
holder I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
pipe B-Item
postioner B-Item
arm I-Item

aircon B-Item
pressuriser B-Item
filter B-Consumable
rubber B-Item
boot I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
supply I-Item
gauge I-Item
in B-Location
cab B-Item

fit B-Activity
chart B-Item
to O
test B-Item
station I-Item

air B-Item
end I-Item
temp B-Item
gauge I-Item
sender B-Item
u/s B-Observation

bad B-Observation
vibration I-Observation
at O
high B-Observation
idle O

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
supportcylinder B-Item

gearbox B-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

fit B-Activity
up I-Activity
de-ice B-Item
thermostat I-Item

generator B-Item
mtrr B-Item
front B-Location
seal B-Item
is O
leak B-Observation
warant O

replace B-Activity
no3 O
l/h B-Location
load B-Item
roller I-Item

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
a/c B-Item
motor B-Item

ajust B-Activity
head B-Item
guide B-Item
shims I-Item

monitor B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
track B-Item
links I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in O
both B-Cardinality
track B-Item
frames I-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
stacker B-Item

raised B-Activity
front B-Location
levelling B-Item
cyl I-Item

monitor B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in B-Location
track B-Item
links I-Item

monitor B-Activity
fuel B-Consumable
l/h B-Location
aux B-Specifier
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
swing B-Item
cylinder. I-Item

air B-Item
dump I-Item
valve I-Item
stuck B-Observation
open I-Observation

fit B-Activity
dicky B-Item
seat I-Item

engine B-Item
rpm B-Attribute
fluctuating B-Observation

aircon B-Item
needs O
re-gas B-Activity
item_id O

def O
: O
tram B-Item
power B-Attribute
taking B-Observation
a I-Observation
while I-Observation
to I-Observation
engage I-Observation

repair B-Activity
r/h B-Location
top B-Location
slide B-Item
mount I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
reservoir B-Item
item_id O

generator B-Item
cuts B-Observation
in I-Observation
and I-Observation
out I-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
mounting B-Item
bolts I-Item
with O
correct O
ones O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
swivel I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
cyl B-Item
hose I-Item

fuel B-Item
guage I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
on O
item_id O

change B-Activity
eng B-Item
air B-Item
filters I-Item

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute
in B-Location
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
box B-Item

def O
: O
thread B-Item
greaser I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
properly O

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
keeper B-Item

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
, O
come B-Observation
out I-Observation
top B-Location
& O
bottom B-Location

def O
: O
tacho B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

front B-Location
universal B-Item
r/s O

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
deck B-Item
rubber B-Item

jumpstart B-Activity
alternator B-Item
u/s B-Observation
removed B-Activity
it. I-Activity

modify B-Activity
cab B-Item
dlow B-Item
out I-Item
system B-Item

generator B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
dust B-Item
curtain I-Item
no O
2 O

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item

repair B-Activity
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
gearbox B-Item
as O
required O

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels. I-Item

aircondition B-Item
blowing B-Observation
hot I-Observation
air I-Observation

jumpstart B-Activity
engine B-Item
item_id O

heat B-Activity
stems B-Item
to O
break O

modify B-Activity
breather B-Item
on B-Location
front I-Location
crane B-Item

c/b1 O
failed B-Observation
earth B-Event
leakage I-Event
test B-Activity

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item

jump B-Activity
started I-Activity

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
middle B-Location
h/p O
return B-Item
filter I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
swivel I-Item
& O
support B-Item
bracket B-Item

c/o B-Activity
l/h B-Location
cylinder B-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
separator I-Item
element B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
air B-Item
cond I-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
dust B-Item
curtains I-Item
* O
lng O
text O

fuel B-Item
govenor I-Item
wires B-Item
broken B-Observation
item_id O

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
loan O
manufacturer10 O
stroker B-Item
for O
na O

fit B-Activity
top B-Location
window B-Item
blower B-Item

replace B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
links B-Item
and O
pins B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
cone B-Item

fit B-Activity
large O
breakout B-Item
die B-Item
holders B-Item

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
track B-Item
pin I-Item

change B-Activity
duck B-Item
bills I-Item

nixon B-Agent
install B-Activity
mine B-Item
radios I-Item

jump B-Activity
start I-Activity
machine B-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
stairs B-Item
control B-Item
button I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
main B-Specifier
transfer B-Item
box I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
tower B-Item
walkway. I-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
feed B-Item
ropes I-Item
damage B-Observation
to O
rhs B-Location

replace B-Activity
0ring B-Item
left B-Location
feed B-Item
line I-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
on O
na O

jump B-Activity
start I-Activity
low B-Observation
charge O
from O
alternator B-Item

fit B-Activity
lubricator/water B-Item
separator B-Item
for O
lube B-Consumable

blown B-Observation
o B-Item
ring I-Item
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item

modify B-Activity
cups B-Item
on B-Location
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item

engine B-Item
shut B-Observation
down I-Observation
low B-Observation
coolant B-Consumable

def O
: O
water B-Item
injection I-Item
control B-Item
knob I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
payne B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
spider B-Item

refit B-Activity
dril B-Item
steel I-Item
to B-Location
machine B-Item

k45 O
walkway B-Item
brace B-Item
cracked B-Observation

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
head B-Item
guide B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

blown B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
line I-Item
on B-Location
mast. B-Item

c/o B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

feed B-Item
cable I-Item
u/s B-Observation

monitor B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
for O
leaking B-Observation
? O

bad B-Observation
vibration I-Observation

repair B-Activity
potable B-Item
water I-Item
pump B-Item

c/o B-Activity
alternator B-Item
as O
it O
is O
not B-Observation
charging I-Observation

ran B-Activity
welds B-Activity
down O
rod B-Item
cups. I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
na O

auxillary B-Specifier
oil B-Item
pump I-Item
not B-Observation
pumping I-Observation

fit B-Activity
tuff B-Item
box I-Item
to B-Location
drill B-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
seals B-Item

fit B-Activity
manufacturer1 B-Agent
straps B-Item
to B-Location
travelling O
hoses B-Item

replace B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
manufacturer30 B-Agent
screen B-Item

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
1kg O
cylinder B-Item
in B-Location
cab B-Item

c B-Item
spanner I-Item
for O
minning O

fuel B-Consumable
fault B-Observation

nixons B-Agent
- O
check B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
radios B-Item
on B-Location
machine B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
& O
flex B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
window B-Item

replace B-Activity
10 B-Cardinality
u/s B-Observation
grease B-Item
injectors I-Item

aircon B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
in O
item_id O

diverter B-Item
valve B-Item
leaking B-Observation
o B-Item
ring I-Item

repair B-Activity
r/h B-Location
lower I-Location
sheeve B-Item
gaurd I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
adaptor/motor B-Item
? O
? O

aircon/heater B-Item
thermostat B-Item
not B-Observation
functioning I-Observation

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies I-Item

c/o B-Activity
brakeout B-Item
wrench I-Item
clampling B-Item
cylinder I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
mimic B-Item
cylinder I-Item
wiring I-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder B-Item

air B-Item
discharge I-Item
line I-Item
from O
compressor B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
switch I-Item
on B-Location
rotation B-Item
lever I-Item

engine B-Item
runs B-Observation
on I-Observation
hi I-Observation
- I-Observation
idle I-Observation
consistantly. O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
pipe B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
fork I-Item
hose B-Item

change B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
feed B-Item
sprokets I-Item

modify B-Activity
bit B-Item
veiwing B-Item
camera I-Item
lens I-Item
cover B-Item

replace B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
condenser B-Item
motors I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
rear B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
area B-Location

change B-Activity
engine B-Item
coolant B-Item
line I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
dash B-Item
toggle B-Item
switches I-Item

fuel B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

ram B-Item
creep B-Observation

re B-Activity
sample I-Activity
drive B-Item
box I-Item
oil B-Consumable

fuel B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
operator B-Agent
report B-Activity

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
swing B-Item
cyl I-Item
item_id O

air B-Item
control I-Item
intermittent B-Observation

c/o B-Activity
hyd B-Item
filter I-Item
accessory O
pump B-Item
circuit B-Item

fuel B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
aux B-Specifier
tank B-Item
manufacturer24 O

modify B-Activity
breather B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
front I-Location
pto B-Item

engine B-Item
shuitting B-Observation
down I-Observation

air B-Item
controll I-Item
valve B-Item

blown B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
hose I-Item
carousel B-Item
rotation B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
brushes B-Item
in B-Location
condensor B-Item
fan B-Item
motor I-Item

nixon B-Agent
install B-Activity
new B-Specifier
10w O
speaker B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
no6/no8 O
cylinder B-Item
head I-Item

disconnect B-Activity
low O
water B-Item
alarm I-Item

fuel B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
@ O
l/h B-Location
fuel B-Item
inj I-Item
return B-Item
rail I-Item

heat B-Activity
up I-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
back I-Location
of I-Location
tower B-Item

change B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
dust B-Item
curtain I-Item
chip B-Item
defl I-Item

repair B-Activity
r/h B-Location
broken B-Observation
track B-Item

rail B-Item
staunchen I-Item
broken B-Observation
l/h B-Location
crows B-Item
nest I-Item

fit B-Activity
twwo B-Cardinality
new B-Specifier
rods B-Item

monitor B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

def O
: O
wires B-Item
damaged B-Observation
above B-Location
water B-Item
tank I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in O
track B-Item
frames B-Item

radio B-Item
reception B-Attribute
u/s B-Observation
-- O
check B-Activity

balance B-Activity
fuel B-Item
injector I-Item
pumps I-Item

fuel B-Consumable
coming B-Observation
from I-Observation
tank B-Item

replace B-Activity
no1 O
injector B-Item
line I-Item
& O
rocker B-Item
shaft I-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
head B-Item
frame B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

def O
: O
thread B-Item
greaser I-Item
nozzle B-Item
needs B-Observation
moving O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
manufacturer2 B-Agent
drain B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on O
break B-Item
out I-Item
tongs. I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal/bush/chip B-Item
deflector B-Item

fuel B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
reading I-Observation
correctly I-Observation

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
r/h B-Location
walkway B-Item

feed B-Item
and O
jacks B-Item
slow B-Observation

monitor B-Activity
compresor B-Item
cooler B-Item
leak B-Observation

replace B-Activity
moisture B-Item
extractor I-Item
filter B-Consumable

refit B-Activity
disconnected B-Observation
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
line B-Item

def O
: O
water B-Item
inj. I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

fuel B-Item
gauge I-Item
reading B-Observation
1/2 O
full B-Observation
suss B-Activity
out I-Activity

aircond B-Item
repairs B-Activity

discharge O
air B-Attribute
temp. I-Attribute
high B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
regulator I-Item
on B-Location
thread B-Item
lube I-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
clamp B-Item
cyl I-Item

generator B-Item
dropping B-Observation
out I-Observation
electrically I-Observation
; O

modify B-Activity
battery B-Item
box I-Item
lid O

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute

disconnect B-Activity
240v O
power O
at B-Location
generator B-Item

def O
: O
window B-Item
blower B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
hydraulic B-Item
cabinet I-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
r/h/r B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item
warr O

c/o B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels I-Item
item_id O

c/o B-Activity
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
mast B-Item
handrails B-Item

feed B-Item
chain B-Item
sprocket B-Item
replacement B-Activity

fit B-Activity
coal B-Item
stem/reamer I-Item
to O
drill B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
near B-Location
main B-Item
drive I-Item
shaft I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
into B-Location
cab B-Item

feed B-Item
chain I-Item
require B-Observation
link O
removing B-Activity
na O

repair B-Activity
cracking B-Observation
in O
pivot B-Item
cap I-Item
weld B-Item

heat B-Activity
steel B-Item
to O
release O

air B-Item
conditioning I-Item
not B-Observation
cold. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
feed B-Item
sprockets I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
rubber B-Item

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
to B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

replace B-Activity
/refurbish B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

replace B-Activity
no1 O
exhaust B-Item
data B-Item
plug I-Item

jumpstart B-Activity
item_id O

jump B-Activity
start I-Activity
machine B-Item
& O
check B-Activity
charging B-Item
sys. I-Item

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
main B-Specifier
suction B-Item
ball I-Item
valve I-Item

aircon B-Item
system B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
swivel I-Item
seals B-Item

heated B-Activity
required O

feed B-Item
cartridge I-Item
leak B-Observation
ck1d O

change B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

bad O
oil B-Consumable
leak. B-Observation
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
from O
chafeing B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
lights. B-Item

replace B-Activity
no3 O
r/h B-Location
track B-Item
roller I-Item

c/o B-Activity
auto-tong B-Item
dies B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
sheaves B-Item
on B-Location
on I-Location
hoist B-Item
ropes I-Item

replace B-Activity
1st. O
section B-Item
of O
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

feed B-Item
chains I-Item
require B-Observation
link O
taken B-Activity
out I-Activity

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
bush B-Item

feed B-Item
chain B-Item
tension B-Item
control B-Item
valve I-Item
leaking B-Observation

radio B-Item
has O
bad B-Observation
reception. I-Observation

fit B-Activity
up I-Activity
audible B-Specifier
water B-Item
level I-Item
alarm I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
mast B-Item
walkway B-Item
and O
safety B-Item
cage I-Item

fit B-Activity
tuff B-Item
box I-Item

gearbox B-Item
loosing B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
damaged B-Observation
rod B-Item

gearbox B-Item
oil O
low B-Observation
na O

monitor B-Activity
r/h B-Location
turbo. B-Item
report. B-Activity

fit B-Activity
tuff B-Item
box I-Item
to O
item_id O

fit B-Activity
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
to O
na O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
seperator I-Item
elements B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
m1 O
port B-Item
lh B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
grouser B-Item
plate I-Item
bolts B-Consumable

change B-Activity
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
ram B-Item

feed B-Item
and O
rotaion B-Item
controller I-Item
issues B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to I-Activity
operators B-Item
seat I-Item

fit B-Activity
longer O
links B-Item
to B-Location
rear I-Location
of O
chip B-Item
deflect I-Item

fit B-Activity
chain B-Item
grease B-Consumable
line B-Item
fitting B-Item

fit B-Activity
de-ice B-Item
unit I-Item
to O
a/c B-Item
unit. I-Item

batteries O
need B-Observation
changing I-Observation

engine B-Item
rpm B-Attribute
fulctuating B-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
dcs B-Item
jack B-Item
pad I-Item
pin B-Item

change B-Activity
dipstick B-Item
&tube B-Item

repair B-Activity
r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
deck B-Item

heat B-Activity
up I-Activity
kelly B-Item
stem I-Item
to O
break O
out O

blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
regulator I-Item
on B-Location
hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item

monitor B-Activity
engine B-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
na O

monitor B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leaks B-Observation
both B-Cardinality
a/c B-Item
motors B-Item

replace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cup B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

fit B-Activity
compliance B-Item
sticker I-Item

change B-Activity
dust B-Item
cone I-Item

heat B-Activity
up I-Activity
rods B-Item

replace B-Activity
dash B-Item
air B-Item
gauge I-Item

fuel B-Item
filter I-Item
light B-Item
coming B-Observation
on. I-Observation

c B-Item
spanner I-Item
missing B-Observation
na O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
dog B-Item
box I-Item

fuel B-Item
filter I-Item
light B-Item
on B-Observation
na O

fuel B-Item
filter I-Item
light B-Item
on B-Observation
changed O
filter B-Item

fuel B-Item
guage I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

c/o B-Activity
air B-Item
con I-Item
& O
alt B-Item
belts I-Item

monitor B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
in B-Location
carousel B-Item
spiders B-Item

fuel B-Item
gauge I-Item
always B-Observation
shows I-Observation
full I-Observation
check B-Activity
out I-Activity

nixions B-Agent
repair B-Activity
commercial B-Item
radio I-Item

fit B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
cone B-Item

c/o B-Activity
compressor B-Item
cooler B-Item
filters B-Item

heat B-Activity
rods B-Item
to O
seprate O

monitor B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
radiator B-Item

fuel B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
top B-Location
cover B-Item
centre B-Location
tank B-Item

replace B-Activity
0 B-Item
rings I-Item
by B-Item
pass I-Item
tube I-Item

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
rod B-Item
changer B-Item
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
item_id O

c/o B-Activity
breakout B-Item
dies I-Item

airconditioner B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
broken B-Observation
positioner B-Item
cup I-Item
bolt B-Consumable
na O

replace B-Activity
/repair B-Activity
cab B-Item
front B-Location
door B-Item
handle I-Item

refit B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels I-Item

jumpstart B-Activity
reqd. O
item_id O

monitor B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item
accumulator I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
lower B-Location
stacker B-Item

drill B-Item
bit I-Item
repairs B-Activity

mast B-Item
interlocks B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
airfilters O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
water O
lay O
flat O
? O
? O

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
in B-Location
r/h B-Location
rock B-Item
gaurds I-Item

mast B-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
& O
levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
shaft I-Item
top B-Location
seals B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
in B-Location
rack B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
loose B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
system I-Item
very B-Observation
slow I-Observation

excissive B-Observation
movement I-Observation
in B-Location
head B-Item
slides I-Item

replace B-Activity
cab B-Item
blowout B-Item
air B-Item
gun I-Item
item_id O

poor B-Observation
visibility I-Observation
from O
lack B-Observation
of I-Observation
lighting I-Observation

no B-Observation
royation I-Observation
or O
feed O
presure B-Attribute
adjustment O

no B-Observation
tap B-Item
on B-Location
potable B-Item
water I-Item
fill B-Location
point I-Location

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
front I-Location
of I-Location
engine B-Item

loose B-Observation
fuel B-Item
lines I-Item
to O
injectors B-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
creeping B-Observation
in I-Observation

replace B-Activity
air/cond B-Item
control B-Item
switches I-Item

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
cabin B-Item
fridge B-Item

pyro B-Item
tube I-Item
needs B-Observation
remounting I-Observation

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
lh B-Location
hydra B-Item
tank O

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
bit B-Item
basket B-Item
--bit B-Item
changer I-Item

drill B-Item
deck I-Item
dropping B-Observation
when O
drilling O

breakout B-Item
tong B-Item
plate B-Item
bent B-Observation

mast B-Item
head B-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

def.auto O
lube B-Item
system I-Item
alarming B-Observation
fault I-Observation

check B-Activity
broken B-Observation
head B-Item
guide I-Item
bolts B-Consumable

put B-Activity
extra O
rod B-Item
in B-Location
carousel B-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
cab B-Item
blow B-Item
ou I-Item
hose I-Item

eratic B-Observation
feed O

replace B-Activity
butterfly B-Item
valve I-Item
control B-Item
linkages I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
solenoid B-Item
reweld B-Activity

drill B-Agent
crew I-Agent
to O
inspect B-Activity
engine B-Item
miss B-Observation
item_id O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cylinder B-Item
slow B-Observation

breakout B-Item
dies B-Item

fit B-Activity
packer B-Item
to B-Location
cylinder B-Item
bracket B-Item

operator B-Agent
complaining O
of O
engine B-Item
fuming B-Observation

check B-Activity
around B-Location
a/c B-Item
clutch B-Item
for O
leaks- B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
fitting I-Item
loose B-Observation
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
into B-Location
carousel B-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
bypass B-Item
switch I-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
stem. B-Item

operator B-Agent
droped B-Observation
steel B-Item

replace B-Activity
cabin B-Item
fluero B-Item

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
cylinders B-Item
low B-Observation

check B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
ca3 B-Item
contactor B-Item

drill B-Item
bit I-Item
changeout B-Activity

mast B-Item
head B-Item
hose B-Item
tray B-Item
damaged B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
tank I-Item
sight B-Item
glass I-Item

flexible B-Item
exhaust I-Item
has O
temp O
repairs O

check B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
pins B-Item
not B-Observation
retracting I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
item_id O

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
carousel B-Item
slow. B-Observation

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
r/h B-Location
rock B-Item
guards I-Item

operator B-Agent
collection B-Activity
radiator B-Item
sample I-Item

replace B-Activity
burst B-Observation
hose B-Item

replace B-Activity
butterfly B-Item
valve I-Item

replace B-Activity
auxilary B-Specifier
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
filler B-Item
line I-Item
leaking. B-Observation

plumbworx B-Agent
refurbish B-Activity
pottable B-Item
water I-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
bent B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation
na O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
are O
loose B-Observation

put B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
on B-Location
machine B-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
cover B-Item
over B-Location
rear B-Location
pump B-Item
shaft B-Item

r/hand B-Location
front B-Location
idler B-Item

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
air B-Item
con I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
batteries B-Item

replace B-Activity
break-dieholderi B-Item

drive B-Item
train I-Item
vibration B-Observation
& O
noise B-Observation
found O
alt O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels I-Item
& O
deck B-Item
bush B-Item

exchange B-Activity
components B-Item
/ O
fault B-Activity
test I-Activity

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
imput B-Item
bearing I-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
requires B-Observation
heating O

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
out B-Observation
carousel O
na O

replace B-Activity
cabside B-Item
positioner B-Item
cup I-Item
item_id O

loose B-Observation
growser B-Item
bolts I-Item
l/h B-Location
track B-Item

flexible B-Item
exhaust I-Item
line I-Item
holed B-Observation
item_id O

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
rod B-Item
supports B-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
20 O
mtr. O
x O
1/2 O
" O
air B-Consumable
blow-out B-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
deck B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
replacement B-Activity

no B-Observation
rotation I-Observation
or I-Observation
propel I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item
box I-Item
dip B-Item
stick I-Item

dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
off O
the O
top B-Location

repair B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
mast B-Item
pivot B-Item
area B-Location

please O
repair/return B-Activity
breakout B-Item
spanner I-Item

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
pulled B-Observation
out O
of O
deck B-Item

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
lens B-Item
under B-Location
deck B-Item

replace B-Activity
locking B-Item
pins I-Item
on B-Location
cyl. B-Item

no B-Observation
rotation I-Observation
torque B-Attribute

erratic B-Observation
control I-Observation
of O
jacks B-Item
& O
hoist. B-Item

flexi B-Item
pipe I-Item
to O
muffler B-Item
leaking B-Observation

def. O
replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
shute B-Item
rubbers B-Item

not B-Observation
hoisting I-Observation
up I-Observation

repair B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
bab B-Item
blower I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
lights B-Item
u/s B-Observation

mast B-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
29/10/01. B-Time

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak. B-Observation

repair B-Activity
hose B-Item
pipe B-Item
rack I-Item

poor B-Observation
reception I-Observation
on O
two-way B-Item
and O
commercial B-Item

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
line I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
item_id O

noisy B-Observation
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
item_id O

broken B-Observation
bracket B-Item
on B-Location
ram B-Item
on B-Location
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item

broken B-Observation
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item
cylinder B-Item

eratic B-Observation
feed O
pressure B-Observation

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
reading O
low B-Observation

no B-Observation
rotation I-Observation
for O
drill B-Item
stem I-Item

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
accum B-Item
pressure B-Attribute

excess B-Observation
gap I-Observation
pivot B-Item
shaft I-Item
retainer B-Item
plates I-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
coupling B-Item
seals I-Item

dre59 B-Agent
replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
camera B-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
head B-Item
slide I-Item
adj- O
bolt O

replace B-Activity
burst B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
cab B-Item
blinds B-Item

c/o B-Activity
travel B-Item
motor I-Item
l/h B-Location
due O
to O
hrs O

no B-Observation
rod B-Item
guard I-Item
on B-Location
rh B-Location
side I-Location
of O
mast B-Item

lh B-Location
side I-Location
pulldown B-Item
chain I-Item
come B-Observation
apart I-Observation

make B-Activity
sure I-Activity
item_id O
is O
in O
shop O
7.00am B-Time
friday I-Time

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
guide B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
swivel B-Item
shackle I-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
hose B-Item

r/rjack B-Item
haveing B-Observation
trouble I-Observation
lifting I-Observation

def-several B-Cardinality
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
hose B-Item
leaking. B-Observation
( O
replace B-Activity
) O

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
a/ B-Item
c I-Item
hyd B-Item
motor I-Item

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
needs B-Observation
toppping O
up O

one B-Cardinality
two B-Item
way I-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies I-Item
completed O

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
locking B-Observation
up I-Observation

loose B-Observation
brace B-Item
on B-Location
cable B-Item
arm I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
safety I-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

not B-Observation
starting I-Observation

driveline B-Item
- O
front B-Location
changeout B-Activity

mast B-Item
inter B-Item
lock I-Item
relay B-Item

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
top B-Location
of I-Location
compressor B-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
top B-Location
spider B-Item
needs B-Observation
adjusting O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cylinders B-Item
leaking B-Observation

radiator B-Item
has O
2 B-Cardinality
broken B-Observation
shroud B-Item
mounts I-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
lens B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
bit I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
filter B-Item
housing I-Item
leaking B-Observation

no B-Observation
rotation I-Observation
or I-Observation
feed I-Observation
item_id O

cab B-Item
air B-Item
con I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
properly O
item_id O

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
item_id O

drill B-Item
54 O
lights B-Item
flickering B-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
sized O

flexible B-Item
exhaust I-Item
broken B-Observation
l/h/s B-Location

flat B-Observation
battery. B-Item
( O
needed O
a O
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity
) O

hydraulic B-Item
step I-Item
/ O
lift B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
u/s B-Observation

def. O
replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
pulldown B-Item
ropes I-Item
slack B-Observation

not B-Observation
reaching I-Observation
high O
idle B-Observation
item_id O

plug B-Item
drain B-Item
valve I-Item
on B-Location
rotory B-Item
head I-Item

repair B-Activity
u B-Item
bolt I-Item
on B-Location
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
need B-Observation
tightening I-Observation

fit B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
extra B-Specifier
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
stuck B-Observation
in B-Location
spider B-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
cylinder B-Item

check B-Activity
lh B-Location
propel B-Item
hosing I-Item
to O
test O
station O

replace B-Activity
battery B-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

flex B-Item
drive I-Item
u/s B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
relay I-Item
no B-Observation
engaging I-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
temp I-Item
switch I-Item

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
view B-Item
window I-Item
sprays B-Item

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
rot B-Item
head I-Item
hoses B-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
not B-Observation
latching I-Observation
shut I-Observation
na O

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

loose B-Observation
grouszer B-Item
bolts I-Item
rh B-Location
track B-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
proximity B-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

lh B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
requires B-Observation
resealing O

replace B-Activity
long B-Specifier
dies B-Item
in B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
has O
a O
crack B-Item
in B-Location
the O
glass B-Item

mast B-Item
lock/unlock B-Item
light B-Item
staying B-Observation
on I-Observation
lock I-Observation

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies B-Item
on B-Location
wrench B-Item

breakout B-Item
dies B-Item
need B-Observation
replacing O
& B-Observation
rewelding I-Observation

replace B-Activity
aircond. B-Item
pre B-Item
cleaner I-Item
ass. I-Item

broken B-Observation
bullhose B-Item
fitting B-Item

breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
cylinder B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

put B-Activity
back I-Activity
jack B-Item
shoe B-Item

repair B-Activity
travelling O
sheave B-Item
channel B-Item

fire B-Item
supression I-Item
alarming B-Observation

cab B-Item
240v B-Specifier
interior B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
under B-Location
head B-Item

not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
rods B-Item

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
pipe B-Item
broken B-Observation

make B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
cylinder B-Item
out O
of O
two O

operator B-Agent
weekly B-Time
inspection B-Activity

fit B-Activity
operators B-Agent
tool B-Item
box I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
stroker B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
airfilter B-Item
switch B-Item

noisy B-Observation
air/con B-Item
when O
off O

lh B-Location
sprocket B-Item
carrier I-Item
worn B-Observation

replace B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
carousel B-Item
thrust B-Item
washers I-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
bracket B-Item
and O
weld B-Activity
on O
guide B-Item

driveline B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing O

plumbworx B-Agent
refurbish B-Activity
pottable B-Item
wateritem_id I-Item

nordie O
light B-Item
on B-Location
roof B-Item
u/s B-Observation

repair B-Activity
holding B-Item
valve I-Item
cartridge B-Item

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

droped B-Observation
off O
right B-Location
hand I-Location
track B-Item

repair B-Activity
hose B-Item
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

open B-Activity
up I-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

def.breakout B-Item
tong I-Item
slow B-Observation
to I-Observation
operate I-Observation

mast B-Item
interlock B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item
& O
sub. B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
filter I-Item
lid B-Item
on B-Location
tank B-Item
leaking B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
gear I-Item
box I-Item
making B-Observation
oil. O

fit B-Activity
repaired B-Specifier
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
. O

r/r B-Location
replce B-Activity
jack B-Item
due O
to O
leaking B-Observation
rod O
seals O

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
lights B-Observation
out I-Observation

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
with O
steel B-Item
pipe I-Item

replace B-Activity
burnt B-Observation
out I-Observation
compressor B-Item
clutch B-Item

repair B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
under B-Location
deck B-Item
light B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leaking B-Observation
under B-Location
dash B-Item

fit B-Activity
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
override I-Item
and O
light B-Item

poasitioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
npt B-Observation
holding I-Observation

loose B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
both B-Location
sides I-Location

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
27/02/08 B-Time

hydraulic B-Item
feed I-Item
fault B-Observation

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
monitor B-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
cylinder I-Item

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing I-Observation

breakout B-Item
spanner B-Item
needs B-Observation
new B-Specifier
dies B-Item
item_id O

lh B-Location
track B-Item
frame I-Item
center B-Location
rockguards B-Item
bent B-Observation

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item

check B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
cylinder B-Item

loose B-Observation
grouzer B-Item
bolts I-Item

fit B-Activity
regulators B-Item
to B-Location
cab B-Item
blowers B-Item

replace B-Activity
bushing B-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
piping...see B-Item

mast B-Item
jobs O
during O
oct B-Time
2001 I-Time
shut O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
item_id O
br055755 O

replace B-Activity
airline B-Item
drier I-Item

repair B-Activity
trip B-Item
hazards I-Item
on B-Location
floor B-Item

evaporator B-Item
fan I-Item
missing B-Observation

flip B-Activity
sub B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item
arm B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hoses B-Item
on O
service B-Activity
8.8.07 B-Time

def. O
check B-Activity
cab B-Item
dust O
entry O

one B-Cardinality
track B-Item
stopping B-Observation

replace B-Activity
b.list O
's O
hammer B-Item
handle B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
string I-Item
and O
sub B-Item

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
na O
engine B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
jumping B-Observation

operator B-Agent
change B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filter O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
alarm B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

fit B-Activity
pipe B-Item
to B-Location
left B-Location
hand I-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item

cab B-Item
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
accum. B-Item
pressure B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
na O

replace B-Activity
bullhose B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
repairs B-Activity
item_id O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hyd B-Item
hoses I-Item
leaking B-Observation
in B-Location
cabinet B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
slow B-Observation
pulling O
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
hole B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
locking B-Observation
up I-Observation

lh B-Location
track B-Item
broken B-Observation
item_id O

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
adaptors B-Item
for O
cyls. B-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
c-spanner B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
05/03/08 B-Time

mast B-Item
locking B-Item
cylinder I-Item
broken B-Observation
l B-Location
\ I-Location
h I-Location
side I-Location

drained B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
on B-Location
feed B-Item
gearbox I-Item

noisy B-Observation
drive B-Item
rear B-Location
air/con B-Item

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
turbo B-Item
line I-Item
gasket B-Item

broken B-Observation
carousel B-Item
ram B-Item

cab B-Item
door I-Item
hard B-Observation
to I-Observation
open I-Observation

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
edd102 O

repair B-Activity
traveling O
sheeve B-Item
guide B-Item

breakout B-Item
dies I-Item
worn B-Observation

drill B-Item
42 O
replace B-Activity
u/s B-Observation
240v O
inverter B-Item

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
heater B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
drive B-Item
box I-Item

repair B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
l/h I-Location
vertical B-Item
lock I-Item

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
- O
rework B-Activity

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cup B-Item
bolts B-Consumable
broken B-Observation

drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
bearing B-Item
u/s B-Observation

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation
na O

def.air B-Item
conds I-Item
still O
noisy B-Observation

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
window B-Item
keeper I-Item
on B-Location
main B-Specifier
glass B-Item

check B-Activity
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
head B-Item
guides I-Item

flip/replace B-Activity
top B-Location
sub B-Item

put B-Activity
chain B-Item
back O
in B-Location
runner B-Item
item_id O

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
low B-Item
pressure I-Item
light I-Item
on B-Observation

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies B-Item
item_id O

radio B-Item
falling B-Observation
out I-Observation
of O
bracket B-Item

operators B-Agent
cab B-Item
door I-Item
latch I-Item
dicky B-Observation

repair B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
top B-Location
plate B-Item

drill B-Item
81 O
inverter B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

fire B-Item
suppresson I-Item
alarm I-Item
going B-Observation
off. I-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
out B-Observation
of O
carousell B-Item
na O

operater B-Agent
reported B-Activity
not B-Observation
getting I-Observation
cold I-Observation

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
box B-Item

loose B-Observation
growsers. B-Item

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
tension B-Attribute

enweld B-Agent
replace B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
chain B-Item
gaurds I-Item

fire B-Item
supression I-Item
has B-Observation
fired O
--know O
not O
why O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
item_id O
28/5/08 B-Time

not B-Observation
geting I-Observation
enough I-Observation
lube B-Consumable

dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
dies B-Item

replace B-Activity
lost B-Observation
chain B-Item
on B-Location
deflector B-Item

breakout B-Item
floor B-Item
mounting B-Item
bolt I-Item
missing B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
tank I-Item
relief B-Item
valve I-Item

dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
on O
item_id O

fire B-Item
suspression I-Item
system B-Item
alarming B-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cylinder B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
from B-Location
tank B-Item

replace B-Activity
loose/siezed B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item

check B-Activity
jack B-Item
lube B-Item
system I-Item
na O

lh B-Location
sprocket B-Item
carrier I-Item
worn B-Observation

r/h/r B-Location
jack B-Item
slow B-Observation
to I-Observation
respond I-Observation

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
lens B-Item
cover B-Item

mast B-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
u/s B-Observation

mast B-Item
keeps B-Observation
dropping O

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers I-Item
# O
6 O
and O
# O
8 O
lh B-Location
side I-Location

replace B-Activity
busted B-Observation
line B-Item

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
and O
terminal B-Item

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers I-Item
, O
rh B-Location
side I-Location

flip B-Activity
or O
replace B-Activity
top B-Location
sub B-Item

not B-Observation
charging I-Observation
properly O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

plates B-Item
broke B-Observation
off I-Observation
sub B-Item
sub B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
locking B-Item
cyl I-Item

def. O
check B-Activity
and O
repair B-Activity
deck B-Item
shute B-Item
rubbers B-Item

def.air-feed-rotation B-Item
gauges B-Item
sticking B-Observation

drill B-Item
head I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
needs B-Observation
adjusting. I-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
seperate I-Observation

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
prox B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

fit B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
new B-Specifier
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

def. O
check B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
flow B-Item
switch I-Item

droped B-Observation
a O
rod O

loose B-Observation
fitting B-Item
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

check B-Activity
leak B-Observation
cushion B-Item
sub B-Item
sealitem_id B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
repairs O
by O
scv B-Agent
engineering I-Agent

one B-Cardinality
trrack B-Item
is O
slow B-Observation

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O

operator B-Agent
complain B-Activity
glass B-Item
u/s B-Observation

fit B-Activity
pex B-Item
turbo I-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
na O

operator B-Agent
has O
dust B-Observation
issues I-Observation

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
angle B-Item
brace I-Item
pin B-Item
alignment B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
loader B-Item
slide B-Item
cylinder I-Item

no B-Observation
rotation I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
bullhose B-Item
ball B-Item
valve I-Item

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
monitor B-Item
" O
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
" O

replace B-Activity
busted B-Observation
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
breather B-Item

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers. I-Item

repair B-Activity
hole B-Observation
in O
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
locked B-Observation
up I-Observation
requires O
heating O

loose B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
both B-Cardinality
tracks B-Item

loose B-Observation
grouser B-Item
plates I-Item

exchange B-Activity
broken B-Observation
drill B-Item
bit. I-Item
? O

flat B-Observation
batterys B-Item

repair B-Activity
crack B-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
clamp B-Item
broken B-Observation

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
of I-Location
die B-Item
holder B-Item
on B-Location
auto B-Item
tong I-Item

driveline B-Item
to O
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
failed B-Observation
na O
can O

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
not B-Observation
undoing I-Observation

put B-Activity
back I-Activity
mast B-Item
into O
position O

r/rear B-Location
jack B-Item
wont B-Observation
retract I-Observation
item_id O

hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
leaking B-Observation
into B-Location
gearcase B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
stems B-Item

no B-Observation
rotation I-Observation
torque I-Observation
in I-Observation
reverse I-Observation

operator B-Agent
error B-Observation
- O
heat O
to O
break O
out O

put B-Activity
back I-Activity
jack B-Item
foot I-Item

replace B-Activity
cab B-Item
blow B-Item
out I-Item
air B-Item
hose I-Item

enweld B-Agent
rep B-Activity
mast B-Item
pedistal B-Item
l/h B-Location
angle B-Item
brace I-Item

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
system I-Item
discharged B-Observation
na O

check B-Activity
bullhose B-Item
for O
holes B-Observation
na O

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
in B-Location
rh B-Location
axle B-Item
block I-Item
support B-Item

operater B-Agent
concerned B-Observation
about O
tracks B-Item

operational O
running O
inspection B-Activity

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
have B-Observation
pin I-Observation
holes I-Observation

fit B-Activity
overide B-Item
button I-Item
to B-Location
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
cylinder I-Item
item_id O

c/o B-Activity
u/s B-Observation
thread B-Item
lube I-Item
pump I-Item

radiators B-Item
need B-Observation
washing O
out O
or O
bl O

cab B-Item
door I-Item
latch I-Item
u/s B-Observation

pope B-Agent
to O
crack B-Activity
test I-Activity
timing B-Item
shaft I-Item

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
in B-Location
carousel B-Item
item_id O

cab B-Item
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item
tripping B-Observation
out I-Observation

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
26/3/08 B-Time

no B-Observation
reverse I-Observation
rotation I-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
av B-Item
connector I-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
has O
2 O
moving B-Observation
pins O

r/r B-Location
jack B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

radiator B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
burst B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

not B-Observation
starting I-Observation

loose B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts B-Item
both B-Cardinality
tracks B-Item

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
lh B-Location
hydra B-Item
tank I-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
need B-Observation
tightening B-Activity

radiator B-Item
leaking B-Observation

put B-Activity
back I-Activity
mast B-Item
into O
position B-Location

put B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
on B-Location
machine B-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
turbo B-Item
line I-Item
gasket B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
has O
2 B-Cardinality
moving B-Observation
pins B-Item

no O
tap B-Item
on B-Location
potable B-Item
water I-Item
fill B-Location
point I-Location

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
not B-Observation
undoing I-Observation

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
box B-Item

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
low B-Item
pressure I-Item
light I-Item
on B-Observation

radiators B-Item
need B-Observation
washing O
out B-Observation
or O
bl O

hydraulic B-Item
feed I-Item
fault B-Observation

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
rod B-Item
supports B-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

mast B-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
tank I-Item
relief B-Item
valve I-Item

c/o B-Activity
travel B-Item
motor I-Item
l/h B-Location
due O
to O
hrs O

flip B-Activity
sub B-Item
item_id O

fire B-Item
suppresson I-Item
alarm B-Item
going B-Observation
off. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
cylinder B-Item

no B-Observation
royation B-Attribute
or O
feed O
presure B-Attribute
adjustment O

mast B-Item
jobs O
during O
oct B-Time
2001 I-Time
shut O

replace B-Activity
auxilary B-Specifier
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
lights B-Observation
out I-Observation

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

def. O
replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
shute B-Item
rubbers B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
27/02/08 B-Time

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
replacement B-Activity

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item

mast B-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
& O
levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item

open B-Activity
up I-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

noisy B-Observation
drive B-Item
rear B-Location
air/con B-Item

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
accum. O
pressure B-Attribute

pope B-Agent
to O
crack B-Activity
test I-Activity
timing B-Item
shaft I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
pins B-Item
not B-Observation
retracting I-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
creeping B-Observation
in I-Observation

broken B-Observation
bracket B-Item
on B-Location
ram B-Item
on B-Location
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item

operater B-Agent
reported B-Activity
not B-Observation
getting I-Observation
cold I-Observation

replace B-Activity
aircond. B-Item
pre B-Item
cleaner I-Item
ass. O

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
locking B-Observation
up I-Observation

check B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
cylinder I-Item

loose B-Observation
brace B-Item
on B-Location
cable B-Item
arm B-Item

mast B-Item
lock/unlock B-Item
light B-Item
staying B-Observation
on I-Observation
lock I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation

not B-Observation
hoisting I-Observation
up I-Observation

fit B-Activity
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
override O
and O
light O

operator B-Agent
complaining O
of O
engine B-Item
fuming B-Observation

no B-Observation
rotation O
or O
feed O
item_id O

hydraulic B-Item
fitting I-Item
loose B-Observation
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench I-Item

drill B-Item
81 B-Cardinality
inverter B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

operator B-Agent
error O
- O
heat O
to O
break O
out O

flexible B-Item
exhaust I-Item
has O
temp O
repairs B-Activity

operater B-Agent
concerned O
about O
tracks B-Item

no B-Observation
reverse I-Observation
rotation I-Observation
na O

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
needs O
replacing B-Activity

repair B-Activity
crack O
in B-Location
deck B-Item

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
in B-Location
carousel B-Item
item_id O

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
guide B-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
top B-Location
spider B-Item
needs B-Observation
adjusting I-Observation

poasitioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
npt B-Observation
holding I-Observation

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
item_id O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cylinder B-Item
slow B-Observation

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

flexi B-Item
pipe I-Item
to B-Location
muffler B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
bullhose B-Item
ball B-Item
valve I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
slow B-Observation
pulling I-Observation
out O
of O
hole B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
na O

pyro B-Item
tube I-Item
needs B-Observation
remounting B-Activity

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose O

poor B-Observation
reception I-Observation
on O
two-way B-Item
and O
commercial B-Item

driveline B-Item
to B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
failed B-Observation
na O
can O

droped B-Observation
off O
right B-Location
hand I-Location
track B-Item

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
window B-Item
keeper B-Item
on B-Location
main B-Specifier
glass B-Item

replace B-Activity
bab O
blower B-Item

replace B-Activity
aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item
box I-Item
dip B-Item
stick I-Item

cab B-Item
air B-Item
con I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
properly O
item_id O

lh B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
requires B-Observation
resealing B-Activity

no B-Observation
rotation O
or O
propel O
item_id O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
stem. B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
safety I-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

cab B-Item
door I-Item
has O
a O
crack B-Observation
in B-Location
the O
glass B-Item

one B-Cardinality
trrack B-Item
is O
slow B-Observation

fit B-Activity
operators B-Agent
tool B-Item
box I-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item
& O
sub. B-Item

check B-Activity
batteries B-Item

r/r B-Location
jack B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

mast B-Item
interlocks B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

fit B-Activity
regulators B-Item
to B-Location
cab B-Item
blowers B-Item

put B-Activity
chain B-Item
back O
in B-Location
runner B-Item
item_id O

broken B-Observation
bullhose B-Item
fitting B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
with O
steel O
pipe B-Item

lh B-Location
sprocket B-Item
carrier I-Item
worn B-Observation

cab B-Item
door I-Item
hard B-Observation
to I-Observation
open I-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
stuck B-Observation
in B-Location
spider B-Item

def-several B-Cardinality
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
and O
terminal B-Item

def. O
check B-Activity
and I-Activity
repair I-Activity
deck B-Item
shute B-Item
rubbers B-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies B-Item
completed B-Observation

r/r B-Location
replce B-Activity
jack B-Item
due O
to O
leaking B-Observation
rod B-Item
seals B-Consumable

lh B-Location
side I-Location
pulldown B-Item
chain I-Item
come B-Observation
apart I-Observation

breakout B-Item
dies I-Item
worn B-Observation

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
lights B-Item
u/s B-Observation

flip B-Activity
or O
replace B-Activity
top B-Location
sub B-Item

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
na O
engine B-Item

def.auto B-Item
lube I-Item
system I-Item
alarming B-Observation
fault I-Observation

operator B-Agent
change B-Activity
air B-Item
filter I-Item

replace B-Activity
cabin B-Item
fridge B-Item

check B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

not B-Observation
reaching I-Observation
high I-Observation
idle I-Observation
item_id O

mast B-Item
inter B-Item
lock I-Item
relay B-Item

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
lens B-Item

flexible B-Item
exhaust I-Item
line B-Item
holed B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
lens B-Item
under B-Location
deck B-Item

no B-Observation
rotation O
for O
drill B-Item
stem B-Item

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
r/h B-Location
rock B-Item
guards I-Item

one B-Cardinality
track B-Item
stopping B-Observation

replace B-Activity
burst B-Observation
hose B-Item

replace B-Activity
busted B-Observation
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
breather B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
na O

def. O
check B-Activity
coolant O
flow B-Item
switch I-Item

operator B-Agent
has O
dust B-Observation
issues O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
water O
lay O
flat O
? O
? O

check B-Activity
leak B-Observation
cushion B-Item
sub B-Item
sealitem_id I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
solenoid B-Item
reweld B-Activity

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
in B-Location
rack B-Item

check B-Activity
angle B-Item
brace I-Item
pin B-Item
alignment B-Attribute

no B-Cardinality
rod B-Item
guard B-Item
on O
rh B-Location
side I-Location
of O
mast B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
repairs B-Activity
by O
scv B-Agent
engineering I-Agent

enweld B-Agent
rep B-Activity
mast B-Item
pedistal B-Item
l/h B-Location
angle B-Item
brace I-Item

no B-Observation
rotation O
item_id O

breakout B-Item
spanner I-Item
needs O
new B-Specifier
dies B-Item
item_id O

noisy B-Observation
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
broken B-Observation
head B-Item
guide I-Item
bolts O

def. O
check B-Activity
cab B-Item
dust B-Observation
entry I-Observation

loose B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item
both O
sides B-Location

repair B-Activity
hose B-Item
pipe B-Item
rack B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
hose B-Item
leaking. B-Observation
( O
replace B-Activity
) O

fit B-Activity
pipe B-Item
to B-Location
left B-Location
hand I-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item

repair B-Activity
cover B-Item
over B-Location
rear B-Location
pump B-Item
shaft B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
from B-Location
tank B-Item

repair B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

repair B-Activity
under B-Location
deck B-Item
light B-Item

replace B-Activity
cabin B-Item
fluero B-Item

flex B-Item
drive I-Item
u/s B-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
sized B-Observation

loose B-Observation
grouser B-Item
plates B-Item

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers I-Item
# O
6 O
and O
# O
8 O
lh B-Location
side I-Location

cab B-Item
240v B-Specifier
interior B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
needs B-Observation
toppping O
up O

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
reading O
low B-Observation

breakout B-Item
floor I-Item
mounting B-Item
bolt I-Item
missing B-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
out B-Observation
carousel B-Item
na O

r/h/r B-Location
jack B-Item
slow B-Observation
to I-Observation
respond I-Observation

repair B-Activity
u B-Item
bolt I-Item
on B-Location
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

flat B-Observation
batterys B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
gear I-Item
box I-Item
making O
oil. O

hydraulic B-Item
step I-Item
/ O
lift B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
airline B-Item
drier I-Item

replace B-Activity
bullhose B-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
proximity B-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
butterfly B-Item
valve I-Item
control B-Item
linkages I-Item

dre59 O
replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
camera B-Item

flexible B-Item
exhaust I-Item
broken B-Observation
l/h/s B-Location

breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
cylinder B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
alarm B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
temp I-Item
switch I-Item

poor B-Observation
visibility I-Observation
from O
lack B-Observation
of I-Observation
lighting I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
system I-Item
very B-Observation
slow I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
item_id O

drive B-Item
train I-Item
vibration B-Observation
& O
noise B-Observation
found O
alt O

mast B-Item
head I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

drill B-Item
head I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
needs B-Observation
adjusting. O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cup B-Item
bolts B-Consumable
broken B-Observation

broken B-Observation
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
lost B-Observation
chain B-Item
on B-Location
deflector B-Item

erratic B-Observation
control B-Attribute
of O
jacks B-Item
& O
hoist. B-Item

fit B-Activity
overide B-Item
button I-Item
to B-Location
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item

replace B-Activity
bushing B-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
piping...see B-Item

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak. B-Observation

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
front I-Location
of I-Location
engine B-Item

please O
repair/return B-Activity
breakout B-Item
spanner I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
tank I-Item
sight B-Item
glass I-Item

exchange B-Activity
broken B-Observation
drill B-Item
bit. O
? O

driveline B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing B-Activity

cab B-Item
door I-Item
not B-Observation
latching I-Observation
shut I-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
bit I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers. I-Item

replace B-Activity
airfilter O
switch B-Item

drill B-Item
deck B-Item
dropping B-Observation
when O
drilling B-Observation

breakout B-Item
dies I-Item
need O
replacing B-Activity
& O
rewelding B-Activity

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
swivel B-Item
shackle I-Item

replace B-Activity
long O
dies B-Item
in B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item

operator B-Agent
collection B-Activity
radiator B-Item
sample I-Item

repair B-Activity
traveling O
sheeve B-Item
guide B-Item

replace B-Activity
battery B-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
around B-Location
a/c B-Item
clutch B-Item
for O
leaks- B-Observation

lh B-Location
track B-Item
broken B-Observation
item_id O

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cylinders B-Item
leaking B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leaking B-Observation
under B-Location
dash B-Item

replace B-Activity
b.list O
's O
hammer B-Item
handle B-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
cylinder B-Item

flat B-Observation
battery. B-Item
( O
needed B-Observation
a O
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity
) O

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies B-Item
item_id O

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
system I-Item
discharged B-Observation
na O

repair B-Activity
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
heater B-Item
hose B-Item

operators B-Agent
cab B-Item
door I-Item
latch I-Item
dicky B-Observation

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation
na O

make B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
cylinder B-Item
out O
of O
two O

check B-Activity
bypass B-Item
switch I-Item

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
hose B-Item

mast B-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
29/10/01. B-Time

hydraulic B-Item
relay I-Item
no B-Observation
engaging I-Observation

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
dies B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
loose B-Observation

excissive B-Observation
movement B-Observation
in B-Location
head B-Item
slides I-Item

mast B-Item
interlock B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

drill B-Item
bit I-Item
repairs B-Activity

one B-Cardinality
two B-Item
way I-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

cab B-Item
door I-Item
latch I-Item
u/s B-Observation

evaporator B-Item
fan B-Item
missing B-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
bent B-Observation

r/hand B-Location
front B-Location
idler B-Item

plumbworx B-Agent
refurbish B-Activity
pottable B-Item
water I-Item

r/rjack B-Location
haveing B-Observation
trouble I-Observation
lifting I-Observation

noisy B-Observation
air/con B-Item
when O
off B-Observation

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
head B-Item
slide B-Item
adj- B-Item
bolt I-Item

replace B-Activity
air/cond B-Item
control B-Item
switches I-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
clamp B-Item
broken B-Observation

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item
are O
loose B-Observation

breakout B-Item
dies I-Item

mast B-Item
locking B-Item
cylinder I-Item
broken B-Observation
l B-Location
\ I-Location
h I-Location
side I-Location

fire B-Item
suspression I-Item
system B-Item
alarming B-Observation

put B-Activity
back I-Activity
jack B-Item
shoe B-Item

replace B-Activity
locking B-Item
pins I-Item
on B-Location
cyl. B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
frame I-Item
center B-Location
rockguards B-Item
bent B-Observation

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
requires B-Observation
heating O

operator B-Agent
weekly B-Time
inspection B-Activity

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
monitor B-Item
" O
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
" O

replace B-Activity
load B-Item
rollers I-Item
, O
rh B-Location
side I-Location

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
cylinders B-Item
low B-Observation

cab B-Item
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
lh B-Location
propel B-Item
hosing B-Item
to B-Location
test B-Item
station I-Item

repair B-Activity
travelling O
sheave B-Item
channel B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation
on O
item_id O

loose B-Observation
fitting B-Item
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hoses B-Item
on O
service B-Activity
8.8.07 B-Time

operator B-Agent
droped B-Observation
steel O

not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
rods B-Item

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
in B-Location
rh B-Location
axle B-Item
block I-Item
support B-Item

replace B-Activity
loose/siezed B-Observation
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
stems B-Item

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
rot B-Item
head B-Item
hoses B-Item

replace B-Activity
busted B-Observation
line B-Item

fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
pipe B-Item
broken B-Observation

not B-Observation
charging I-Observation
properly O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hyd B-Item
hoses I-Item
leaking B-Observation
in B-Location
cabinet B-Item

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
line I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
item_id O

drill B-Item
54 B-Cardinality
lights B-Item
flickering B-Observation

replace B-Activity
ca3 B-Item
contactor B-Item

loose B-Observation
grouszer B-Item
bolts B-Item
rh B-Location
track B-Item

lh B-Location
sprocket B-Item
carrier I-Item
worn B-Observation

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
top B-Location
of I-Location
compressor B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
string B-Item
and O
sub B-Item

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
of I-Location
die B-Item
holder I-Item
on B-Location
auto B-Item
tong I-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
out B-Observation
of O
carousell B-Item
na O

plates B-Item
broke B-Observation
off I-Observation
sub B-Item
sub B-Item
u/s B-Observation

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
pulldown B-Item
ropes I-Item
slack B-Observation

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench B-Item
arm B-Item

nordie O
light B-Item
on B-Location
roof B-Item
u/s B-Observation

droped B-Observation
a O
rod B-Item

operator B-Agent
complain B-Activity
glass B-Item
u/s B-Observation

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
bit B-Item
basket B-Item
--bit O
changer O

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
leak B-Observation
na O

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
prox B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

repair B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

repair B-Activity
top B-Location
view B-Item
window I-Item
sprays B-Item

drained B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
on B-Location
feed B-Item
gearbox I-Item

repair B-Activity
crack O
in B-Location
l/h B-Location
vertical B-Item
lock I-Item

plumbworx B-Agent
refurbish B-Activity
pottable B-Item
wateritem_id O

hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item
have O
pin O
holes O

enweld B-Agent
replace B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
chain B-Item
gaurds O

loose B-Observation
grouzer B-Item
bolts B-Item

fire B-Item
supression I-Item
has B-Observation
fired I-Observation
--know O
not O
why O

loose B-Observation
growser B-Item
bolts B-Item
l/h B-Location
track B-Item

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
monitor B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
leaking B-Observation
into B-Location
gearcase B-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
camera B-Item
lens B-Item
cover B-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
c-spanner B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
repairs B-Activity
item_id O

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
filter B-Item
housing I-Item
leaking B-Observation

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
tension B-Attribute

plug B-Activity
drain B-Item
valve I-Item
on B-Location
rotory B-Item
head I-Item

dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

check B-Activity
bolts O
on B-Location
head B-Item
guides I-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

excess B-Observation
gap B-Observation
pivot B-Item
shaft I-Item
retainer B-Item
plates I-Item

operational O
running O
inspection B-Activity

def.breakout B-Item
tong O
slow B-Observation
to O
operate B-Observation

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
05/03/08 B-Time

driveline B-Item
- O
front B-Location
changeout B-Activity

replace B-Activity
butterfly B-Item
valve I-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
seperate I-Observation

check B-Activity
jack B-Item
lube B-Item
system I-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
burnt B-Observation
out I-Observation
compressor B-Item
clutch B-Item

replace B-Activity
airfilters O

radiator B-Item
has O
2 B-Cardinality
broken B-Observation
shroud B-Item
mounts I-Item

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
pulled B-Observation
out I-Observation
of O
deck B-Item

breakout B-Item
tong I-Item
plate B-Item
bent B-Observation

fit B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
extra B-Specifier
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

fit B-Activity
one B-Cardinality
new B-Specifier
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cylinder B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

put B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
rod B-Item
in B-Location
carousel B-Item

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
under B-Location
head B-Item

fit B-Activity
pex B-Item
turbo I-Item

hydraulic O
filter O
lid B-Item
on B-Location
tank B-Item
leaking B-Observation

drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
bearing B-Item
u/s B-Observation

make B-Activity
sure I-Activity
item_id O
is O
in B-Location
shop O
7.00am B-Time
friday I-Time

repair B-Activity
crack O
in B-Location
mast B-Item
pivot B-Item
area O

mast B-Item
head I-Item
hose B-Item
tray B-Item
damaged B-Observation

c/o B-Activity
u/s B-Observation
thread O
lube B-Item
pump I-Item

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
accum O
pressure B-Attribute

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
20 O
mtr. O
x O
1/2 O
" O
air B-Item
blow-out I-Item
hose I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
stroker B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
av O
connector B-Item

repair B-Activity
hose B-Item
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
carousel B-Item
slow. B-Observation

fit B-Activity
packer B-Item
to B-Location
cylinder B-Item
bracket B-Item

replace B-Activity
break-dieholderi B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O

replace B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
cab B-Item
blinds B-Item

eratic B-Observation
feed B-Item
pressure B-Attribute

drill B-Agent
crew I-Agent
to O
inspect B-Activity
engine B-Item
miss B-Observation
item_id O

lh B-Location
track B-Item
locking B-Observation
up I-Observation

fit B-Activity
repaired O
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
. O

exchange B-Activity
components B-Item
/ O
fault B-Activity
test I-Activity

fire B-Item
supression I-Item
alarming B-Observation

cab B-Item
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item
tripping B-Observation
out I-Observation

no B-Observation
rotation O
torque O
in B-Observation
reverse I-Observation

dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
off O
the O
top B-Location

radio B-Item
falling B-Observation
out I-Observation
of I-Observation
bracket B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
na O
26/3/08 B-Time

no B-Observation
rotation O
torque O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels I-Item
& O
deck B-Item
bush B-Item

lh B-Location
track B-Item
jumping B-Observation

breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
- O
rework B-Activity

eratic B-Observation
feed B-Item

replace B-Activity
batteries B-Item
edd102 O

not B-Observation
geting I-Observation
enough I-Observation
lube B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
cab B-Item
blow O
out O
air B-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
crack O
on B-Location
carousel B-Item

put B-Activity
back I-Activity
jack B-Item
foot B-Item

flip/replace B-Activity
top B-Location
sub B-Item

put B-Activity
rod B-Item
back O
into B-Location
carousel B-Item
item_id O

broken B-Observation
carousel B-Item
ram B-Item

repair B-Activity
holding B-Item
valve I-Item
cartridge B-Item

loose B-Observation
fuel B-Item
lines I-Item
to B-Location
injectors B-Item

drill B-Item
42 O
replace B-Activity
u/s B-Observation
240v O
inverter B-Item

r/rear B-Location
jack B-Item
wont B-Observation
retract I-Observation
item_id O

hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
filler B-Item
line I-Item
leaking. B-Observation

repair B-Activity
hole B-Observation
in I-Observation
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
trip B-Item
hazards I-Item
on B-Location
floor B-Item

replace B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
carousel B-Item
thrust B-Item
washers I-Item

dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
hose I-Item
coupling B-Item
seals I-Item

replace B-Activity
loader B-Item
slide B-Item
cylinder I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
indicator B-Item
lights I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
cab B-Item
blowout O
air B-Item
gun I-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
l/h B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
imput B-Item
bearing I-Item

replace B-Activity
bull B-Item
shaft I-Item
top B-Location
seals B-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
cab B-Item
blow B-Item
ou I-Item
hose I-Item

operator B-Agent
reported B-Activity
air B-Item
con I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
a/ B-Item
c I-Item
hyd B-Item
motor I-Item

replace B-Activity
locking B-Item
cyl I-Item

repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
adaptors B-Item
for O
cyls. B-Item

def.air B-Item
conds I-Item
still O
noisy B-Observation

make B-Activity
up I-Activity
bracket B-Item
and O
weld O
on B-Location
guide B-Item

loose B-Observation
growsers. B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
item_id O
br055755 O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
item_id O
28/5/08 B-Time

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
dies B-Item
on B-Location
wrench B-Item

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Item
in B-Location
r/h B-Location
rock B-Item
gaurds I-Item

drill B-Item
rod I-Item
locked B-Observation
up I-Observation
requires B-Observation
heating O

drill B-Item
bit I-Item
changeout B-Activity

replace B-Activity
cabside O
positioner B-Item
cup I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
cylinder B-Item
item_id O

mast B-Item
keeps B-Observation
dropping I-Observation

def.air-feed-rotation B-Item
gauges B-Item
sticking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
drive B-Item
box I-Item

check B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

def. O
replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

repair B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
top B-Location
plate B-Item

check B-Activity
bullhose B-Item
for O
holes B-Observation
na O

check B-Activity
eng B-Item
lamp B-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation

replace B-Activity
fittings B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

replace B-Activity
foot B-Item
stabiliser I-Item
rod B-Item
item_id O

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
is O
out B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Location
end I-Location
actuating B-Item
cylinder I-Item

replace B-Activity
oil O
cooler B-Item

lh B-Location
levelling B-Item
creeping B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
charge I-Item
system I-Item
hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item

replace B-Activity
outer B-Location
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item
item_id O

c/o B-Activity
starter B-Item
solenoid B-Item
item_id O

fule B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
injector B-Item
line I-Item

def-dust B-Item
curtains O
missing B-Observation

deck B-Item
cylinders B-Item
bypassing B-Observation

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
item_id O
24/9 B-Time

investigate B-Activity
no B-Observation
tremm I-Observation

isolate B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
burnt B-Observation
cables B-Item
- O
see O
text O

changeout B-Activity
radio B-Item
& O
power B-Item
supply. I-Item

further O
inspections B-Activity
on B-Location
alternator B-Item

gear B-Item
shift I-Item
very O
tight. B-Observation

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
stuck B-Observation

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
air B-Item
compressor I-Item

r/h B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
breather B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
with O
sx O
unit O

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
leaking B-Observation
coolant B-Consumable

quote B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
turbo B-Item

check B-Activity
drill B-Item
water O
level B-Item
sensor I-Item

overhaul B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
gearbox. B-Item

load B-Activity
& O
transport B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels I-Item

def-deck B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
arm B-Item
bent B-Observation

engine B-Item
governor B-Item
arm I-Item
u/s B-Observation
on B-Location
item_id O

deck B-Item
cylinder B-Item
fitting B-Item
leaking B-Observation

lh B-Location
idler B-Item
cracking B-Observation
in B-Location
side O
walls B-Item

auto B-Item
lube I-Item
system I-Item
cutting B-Observation
out I-Observation

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
& O
shims B-Item
in B-Location
head B-Item
slides I-Item

changeout B-Activity
right B-Location
track B-Item
accumulator I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item

change B-Activity
oil B-Item
pressure I-Item
switch I-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
leaking B-Observation
lower B-Location
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

inspect B-Activity
comp B-Item
filters O
water O
entry O
? O
? O

lh B-Location
lower B-Location
head B-Item
slide B-Item
bent B-Observation
in I-Observation

replace B-Activity
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
date I-Observation
fire B-Item
extinguishers I-Item

final B-Item
drive I-Item
overfilling B-Observation
lhs B-Location

overhaul B-Activity
rh B-Location
mast B-Item
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
rod B-Item
changer I-Item
cylinder B-Item
up B-Location

c/o B-Activity
track B-Item
idler I-Item
l/h B-Location

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x4 B-Cardinality
na O
11/06 B-Time

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
# B-Specifier
1 I-Specifier
cyl-head B-Item
assembly B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine/compressor B-Item
air O
filters O

overhaul B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
20/08 B-Time

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
cleaner I-Item
dust B-Item
flaps I-Item

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

angle B-Item
hose I-Item
bracket B-Item
of B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
cracke B-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
# B-Specifier
5 I-Specifier
left B-Location
bank B-Item
injector B-Item
line I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
na O
x1 B-Cardinality

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
item_id O
13/01/09 B-Time

replace B-Activity
estop B-Item

replace B-Activity
oring B-Consumable
on B-Location
top I-Location
pipe B-Item
to B-Location
engine B-Item

c/o B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
swing B-Item
cylinder I-Item
item_id O

repl B-Activity
inlet O
butterfly B-Item
due O
to O
shaft O
wear B-Observation

replace B-Activity
outer B-Location
air B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
acc B-Item
front B-Location
pump B-Item

replace B-Activity
access B-Item
steps I-Item
item_id O

alternator B-Item
u/s B-Observation
right B-Location
side I-Location

r/h B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
valve B-Item
chest I-Item
leaking B-Observation

change B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable

change B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
& O
pump B-Item
drive I-Item

replace B-Activity
orange O
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

investigated B-Activity
manufacturer30 B-Agent
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
suction B-Item
line I-Item
seals B-Item

changeout B-Activity
repaired O
fuel B-Item
filter I-Item
housing B-Item

replace B-Activity
acc B-Item
pump B-Item
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
fire B-Item
extinguisher I-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
date I-Observation
9k O

r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
hyd B-Item
pump I-Item
shaft B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
aerial B-Item
comm B-Item
radio I-Item
na O

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
7/10 B-Time

replace B-Activity
flex B-Item
connection I-Item

repair/refit B-Activity
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
cover B-Item

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
lock B-Item
tab I-Item
broken B-Observation

l/h B-Location
lift B-Item
pump I-Item
repair B-Activity

replace B-Activity
accessory B-Item
pumps I-Item

replace B-Activity
evaporator B-Item
fan I-Item
assembly B-Item

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
replacement B-Activity

c/o B-Activity
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
servo B-Item
hose I-Item
( O
tag O
attached O
) O

finish B-Activity
off I-Activity
electrical B-Item
drawings I-Item
& O
limits O

replace B-Activity
acc B-Item
pump B-Item

quote B-Activity
for O
repair B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Item
cooler B-Item

load B-Item
roller I-Item
holes O
cracked B-Observation
in B-Location
track B-Item
frame I-Item

def-cont. O
air O
coming B-Observation
from B-Location
thread B-Item
lube B-Consumable

fan B-Item
pump B-Item
loose. B-Observation

def-check B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
to O
traveling B-Item
sheeves I-Item

quote B-Activity
for O
repair B-Activity
d90 B-Item
air B-Item
end I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
relay B-Item
under B-Location
dash B-Item
item_id O

engine B-Item
failure B-Observation
investigation B-Activity

replace B-Activity
floor B-Item
in B-Location
operators B-Item
cab I-Item

repair/replace B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hoses B-Item

final O
shutdown O
scope O

changeout B-Activity
rear B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
box I-Item

replace B-Activity
accessory B-Item
pump I-Item
suction I-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
o/rings O
on B-Location
rh B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
retainer B-Item
rod I-Item
u B-Observation
\ I-Observation
s I-Observation

change B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belt I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
die B-Item
holding B-Item
bolt I-Item

hand B-Item
rail I-Item
at B-Location
top B-Location
broken B-Observation

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item

check B-Activity
dropping B-Observation
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

overhaul B-Activity
tramming B-Observation
brake B-Item
rhs B-Location

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
bit B-Item

aux B-Specifier
drive B-Item
shalf I-Item
cover B-Item
bent B-Observation

replace B-Activity
aerial B-Item
on B-Location
comm B-Item
radio I-Item

gurney B-Item
is B-Observation
not I-Observation
working I-Observation
pulled B-Activity
gurney B-Item
off O

def O
hiab B-Item
controls I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
scope B-Activity

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
air B-Consumable
fi I-Consumable
; I-Consumable
lters I-Consumable

further O
repairs B-Activity
to O
reserve B-Specifier
eng O
oil B-Consumable
pump B-Item

auto B-Item
lube I-Item
system I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable

investigate B-Activity
tremming B-Item
pulling B-Observation
to B-Location
left B-Location

replace B-Activity
outer B-Location
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item
na O

dave B-Agent
ferry O
na O
repairs B-Activity

check B-Activity
engine B-Item
dilution O
in O
na O

def-check B-Activity
carousel B-Item
lower B-Location
pots B-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
item_id O
17/12 B-Time

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
comp/hyd B-Item
cooler B-Item
fan I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
17/9 B-Time

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item
rubber I-Item

gear B-Item
box I-Item
over B-Observation
full I-Observation

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
13/08 B-Time

investigate B-Activity
rotational B-Attribute
problems B-Observation

replace B-Activity
operators O
seat B-Item

mast B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
eye B-Item
broken B-Observation

fabricate/modify B-Activity
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
cover B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
no O
propel O

angle B-Item
grind I-Item
bolt I-Item
interfering B-Observation
4 O
bull B-Item
hos I-Item

deadman B-Item
pedal I-Item
is O
still O
incorrect B-Observation

replace B-Activity
carrier B-Item
sprocket B-Item
permalubes B-Item
if O
n O

replace B-Activity
# O
5 O
glass B-Item
, O
cracked B-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
all B-Cardinality
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item
creeping B-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
x O
drill B-Item
rods B-Item

fabricate B-Activity
hose B-Item
for O
drill B-Item
water B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
fire B-Item
extinguishers I-Item

auxilary B-Specifier
pump B-Item
noisy B-Observation

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
compressor B-Item

replace B-Activity
two B-Cardinality
bent B-Observation
steel B-Item

repair B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
na O

quote B-Activity
to I-Activity
repair I-Activity
propel B-Item
motor I-Item

fabricate B-Activity
proximity B-Item
brackets I-Item

r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item
wont B-Observation
lift I-Observation
lever B-Item
broken B-Observation
cab B-Item

inspect B-Activity
brakes B-Item
steering B-Item
and O
frame B-Item

repair B-Activity
work B-Item
lights I-Item

c/o B-Activity
r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item
cylinder B-Item

engine B-Item
everheating B-Observation

replace B-Activity
center B-Location
return O
filter O

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
water O
pump B-Item

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
regen B-Item
valve I-Item

overhaul B-Activity
r/h B-Location
crawler B-Item
brake I-Item

always B-Observation
needs I-Observation
jump I-Observation
starting I-Observation
? O
? O
? O

repair B-Activity
blown B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item
adapter B-Item
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
" O
o O
" O
minimum O
press B-Item
valve. B-Item

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
- O
dress B-Activity
up I-Activity
burrs O

engine B-Item
front B-Location
housing B-Item
gasket B-Item
leaking B-Observation

changeout B-Activity
rh B-Location
propel B-Item
brake I-Item

repair B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
cracked B-Observation
fornt B-Location
idlers B-Item

grs B-Agent
repairs B-Activity
to O
drill B-Item
deck I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item

broken B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
on B-Location
pivot B-Item
axle I-Item
retainer B-Item
cap I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
240v B-Attribute
generator B-Item
pump B-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
18/06/08 B-Time

investigate B-Activity
slow B-Observation
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
upper B-Location
cylinder B-Item

fabricate B-Activity
new B-Specifier
sill B-Item
bottom B-Location
of I-Location
door B-Item

overhaul B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

quote B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

gauge B-Item
missing B-Observation
0ff O
grease O
system O

inspect B-Activity
crack B-Item
in B-Location
hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
chain B-Item
adjust O
flow O
control B-Item

engine B-Item
failure B-Observation
investigation B-Activity

lh B-Location
front B-Location
emergency B-Item
light I-Item
us B-Observation

repair B-Activity
blown B-Observation
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
broken B-Observation
on B-Location
item_id O

replace B-Activity
fire B-Item
extinguisher I-Item
cylinders B-Item

guide B-Item
rod I-Item
broken B-Observation
off I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
alternator B-Item
due O
to O
mount B-Observation
wear O

fire B-Item
alarm I-Item
going B-Observation
off I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item

replace B-Activity
cranking O
batteries B-Item
na O

r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item
u/s. B-Observation
seals B-Item
leaking B-Observation

l/h B-Location
front I-Location
light B-Item
u/s B-Observation
completed O

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
pre-cleaner B-Item

change B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
die I-Item
holder B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
radiator B-Item
coolant B-Consumable

changeout B-Activity
rear B-Location
drive B-Item
box I-Item
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item

replace B-Activity
filters B-Item
inner B-Location
and O
outer B-Location

changeout B-Activity
rh B-Location
idler B-Item

c/o B-Activity
r/h B-Location
propel B-Item
motor I-Item

replace B-Activity
o-rings O
inside B-Location
filter B-Item
housing. B-Item

gaskets B-Item
on B-Location
top I-Location
hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation

lh B-Location
mast B-Item
anchor B-Item
pin I-Item
thread B-Item
broken B-Observation

angle B-Item
dust I-Item
skirts I-Item
req B-Observation
replacing B-Activity

replace B-Activity
pump B-Item
due O
to O
worn B-Observation
spline B-Item

replace B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
slides B-Item

investigate B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
lighting B-Item

investigated B-Activity
gen O
/hz O
instability O
never O
g O

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item

quote B-Activity
to I-Activity
repair I-Activity
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item

amp B-Item
meter I-Item
fluctuating B-Observation
na O
no B-Observation
charge O

lh B-Location
guard B-Item
rail B-Item
broken B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item
broken B-Observation

half O
life O
water B-Item
p I-Item
[ I-Item
ump I-Item
change B-Activity
out I-Activity

replace B-Activity
equaliser B-Item
hose I-Item
rotary B-Item
motors I-Item

dead B-Item
man I-Item
foot I-Item
pedal I-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

find B-Activity
leaks B-Observation
/ O
fault B-Observation
with O
system B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
alternator B-Item

broken B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
# B-Specifier
6 I-Specifier
inner B-Location
track B-Item
roller I-Item

limits B-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation
on B-Location
carousel B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
off O
service O
tag O

l/h B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

repair/refit B-Activity
shaft B-Item
cover B-Item

lh B-Location
jack B-Item
not B-Observation
jacking I-Observation
up I-Observation

check B-Activity
engine B-Item
bypass B-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

engine B-Item
governor B-Item
not B-Observation
functioning I-Observation
na O

broken B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
in B-Location
stabiliser B-Item
shaft I-Item

change B-Activity
batteries B-Item
out O

change B-Activity
batteries B-Item

autosparks B-Agent
na O
08/03/06 B-Time

broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
coolant B-Consumable
line B-Item

inspect B-Activity
crack B-Item
on B-Location
step B-Location
side I-Location
track B-Item
frame I-Item

repair B-Activity
worklights B-Item
on B-Location
cabin B-Item

repair B-Activity
blocks B-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item

replace B-Activity
fresh O
water B-Item
pump I-Item

changeout B-Activity
rh B-Location
track B-Item
idler I-Item

def O
sub B-Item
saver I-Item
requires B-Observation
flipping O

deadman B-Item
propel I-Item
control B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
engine B-Item
blowby B-Item

replace B-Activity
" O
o B-Item
" I-Item
rings I-Item

replace B-Activity
evaporator B-Item
fan I-Item
motor I-Item

quote B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
of O
u/s B-Observation
turbo B-Item

limits B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
pot B-Item
broken B-Observation
bolts B-Item

replace B-Activity
fittings B-Item
on B-Location
both B-Cardinality
pumps B-Item

loader B-Item
cylinder B-Item
bypassing B-Observation

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
item_id O
14/01/09 B-Time

fan B-Item
motor I-Item
noisy B-Observation

inspect B-Activity
crack B-Item
on B-Location
r/hand B-Location
track B-Item

def-check B-Activity
alingnment B-Attribute
of O
carousel B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
noisy B-Observation
tracks B-Item

change B-Activity
assessory O
drive B-Item
seal I-Item

dean O
's O
glass O
audit B-Activity
edd O
's O
& O
shd O
's O

engine B-Item
down B-Observation
on I-Observation
revs O

inspect B-Activity
creeping B-Observation
jacks B-Item
on O
item_id O

replace B-Activity
operators O
seat B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
tacho B-Item
meter I-Item

replace B-Activity
pump B-Item
shalf B-Item
seal B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
aux O
pump B-Item
hose I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
accumulator B-Item

engine B-Item
fault B-Observation

lh B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
over B-Observation
filling I-Observation
from B-Location
propel B-Item

quote B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
hyd B-Item
return I-Item
filter B-Item
housing I-Item

replace B-Activity
pump B-Item
due O
to O
worn B-Observation
shaft B-Item

load B-Activity
drill B-Item
steel I-Item
for O
change B-Activity
out I-Activity

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
not B-Observation
unlocking I-Observation

inspect B-Activity
chain B-Item
on B-Location
depth B-Item
counter I-Item

def-alt. O
and O
fuel O
level O
lights B-Item
faulty B-Observation

c/o B-Activity
lower B-Location
carousel B-Item
cylinder B-Item

changeout B-Activity
rh B-Location
propel B-Item
motor I-Item

aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item
box I-Item
heating B-Observation
up I-Observation
na O

auxillary B-Specifier
compresor B-Item
oil B-Consumable

angle B-Item
lock I-Item
indercator B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

fabricate B-Activity
handle B-Item
for O
comp B-Item
shaft I-Item
cover B-Item

engine B-Item
fan I-Item
guard B-Item
mounting B-Item
holes I-Item
stripped B-Observation

quote B-Activity
to I-Activity
repair I-Activity
front B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

broken B-Observation
angle B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
cylinder B-Item
na O

broken B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
in B-Location
no1 B-Specifier
r/h B-Location
load B-Item
roller I-Item

replace B-Activity
floor B-Item
covering B-Item

investigated B-Activity
tripping B-Observation
of O
main B-Specifier
lights B-Item

replace B-Activity
final B-Item
drive I-Item
bungs B-Item

change B-Activity
oil. B-Consumable

check B-Activity
drive B-Item
line I-Item
problem B-Observation

investigate B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
misalignment B-Observation

repair B-Activity
blowen B-Observation
oil B-Item
line I-Item

inspect B-Activity
deck B-Item
assembly B-Item

gearbox B-Item
filter B-Item
housing I-Item
leaking B-Observation
item_id O

repair B-Activity
worn B-Observation
deck B-Item
wrench. B-Item

fines B-Observation
getting I-Observation
on I-Observation
the I-Observation
deck B-Item

deck B-Item
bushes B-Item
need B-Observation
replacing B-Activity

c/o B-Activity
lh B-Location
bank B-Item
turbo I-Item

guard B-Item
loose B-Observation
on B-Location
alternator B-Item

aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
round B-Item
plates I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
all B-Cardinality
drill B-Item
rods I-Item
na O

repair-main B-Activity
gear B-Item
box I-Item
making B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
flow B-Item
divider I-Item
cartridge B-Item

check B-Activity
drive B-Item
trains I-Item
for O
vibration B-Observation
item_id O

l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
motor I-Item
shaft B-Item
broken B-Observation

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
woren B-Observation

limits B-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

finish B-Activity
of O
service O
day O
over O
run O

change B-Activity
aircleaners B-Item

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
not B-Observation
retracting I-Observation
no B-Observation
dow I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
air B-Item
filters I-Item
item_id O

broken B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
in B-Location
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
servo B-Item
plate I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
cleaner I-Item
eng B-Item
&compressor B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
outer B-Location
air O
filters O

replace B-Activity
ac B-Item
fan B-Item
motor I-Item

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
compressor B-Item
filter B-Item

replace B-Activity
flow B-Item
switch I-Item

lh B-Location
front B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item
seals B-Item
leaking B-Observation

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing B-Activity
item_id O

r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
monitor O

overhaul B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
gearbox B-Item

changeout B-Activity
rh B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
oil B-Consumable

deadman B-Item
switch I-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

inspect B-Activity
cabin B-Item
for O
dust B-Observation
ingress. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
housing O
mounting B-Item
seal I-Item

replace B-Activity
carrier B-Item
roller B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
chain B-Item
tension B-Item
cylinder I-Item

gear B-Item
fro O
drill O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
cleaner I-Item
cyclone B-Item
tube B-Item
box B-Item

l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item
relief B-Item
valves I-Item
leaking B-Observation

dead B-Item
man I-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

r/h B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
seal B-Item
us B-Observation

replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
ropes B-Item
& O
sheaves. B-Item
greg B-Agent
hinch I-Agent

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
break- B-Item
out I-Item
dies. I-Item

limit B-Item
switches I-Item
u/s B-Observation

c/o B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
oil B-Consumable

quote B-Activity
for O
repair B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item
adjuster I-Item

change B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belt. I-Item

fan B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
, O
engine B-Item
overheating B-Observation

alternator B-Item
u/s B-Observation

overhaul B-Activity
lhs B-Location
brake B-Item
on O
hrs B-Time

replace B-Activity
ac B-Item
drive B-Item
belts I-Item
& O
compressor B-Item

replace B-Activity
outer B-Location
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item

l/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
leaking B-Observation

l/h B-Location
hoist B-Item
chain I-Item
loose B-Observation

r/h B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
mount B-Item
seal B-Item
leaking B-Observation

fabricate&fit B-Activity
guide B-Item
for O
jack B-Item
foot I-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
loose B-Observation
wires B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

repair B-Activity
blocked B-Observation
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item
breather I-Item

overhaul B-Activity
mast B-Item
at B-Location
mem B-Item

replace B-Activity
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
break B-Item
out I-Item
cyl. B-Item
hose I-Item

g&s O
labour O
x1 O
na O
26/11 O

hand B-Item
rail I-Item
repairs. B-Activity

check B-Activity
engine B-Item
diagnostic B-Item
light I-Item
on B-Observation

fill B-Activity
rotory B-Item
head I-Item

deck B-Item
crane B-Item
wont B-Observation
slew I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
propel B-Item
steel B-Item
pipe I-Item

lh B-Location
lower B-Location
sprocket B-Item
seized B-Observation

replace B-Activity
r B-Location
/ I-Location
h I-Location
turbo B-Item

overhaul B-Activity
various O
hyd. B-Item
cylinders I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
bent B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod. I-Item

def-bent B-Observation
rh B-Location
upper B-Location
head B-Item
guide B-Item

line B-Activity
bore I-Activity
lower B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
bosses B-Item

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
broken. B-Observation

broken B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
cabe B-Item
side B-Location
in B-Location
head B-Item
slide I-Item

replace B-Activity
carouselswitch B-Item

deck B-Item
& O
plenum B-Item
chamber I-Item
damaged B-Observation
na O

inspect B-Activity
chain B-Item
guide I-Item

change B-Activity
air B-Consumable
fillter I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
flex B-Item
drive I-Item
on B-Location
eng B-Item
to O
compressor B-Item

check B-Activity
dust B-Observation
entry I-Observation
through B-Location
doors B-Item

filling B-Activity
up I-Activity
final O
with O
hydrlic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
air B-Consumable
filters. I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
centre B-Location
vent B-Item
vale O
on B-Location
tank B-Item

change B-Activity
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item
fan B-Item
switch B-Item
knob I-Item

replace B-Activity
pump B-Item
on O
hrs O

r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item
dry B-Observation

replace B-Activity
filters B-Consumable

angle B-Item
lock I-Item
pin I-Item
indicator B-Item
light I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
test B-Item
station I-Item
gauges B-Item

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
in B-Location
head B-Item

fill B-Activity
compressor B-Item
with O
oil B-Consumable

l/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
leaking B-Observation
at B-Location
seal B-Item

anchor B-Item
pins I-Item
broken B-Observation
from B-Location
rod B-Item
support I-Item
cyli B-Item

engine B-Item
front B-Location
main B-Specifier
seal B-Item
leaking B-Observation

auto B-Item
lube I-Item
system I-Item
faulting. B-Observation
operator B-Agent
repo B-Activity

aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item
vibration B-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
cleaner I-Item
elements B-Item

lincoln B-Agent
lube O
alarm B-Observation
fault I-Observation
coming O
up O

repair/replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hoses I-Item
at B-Location
head B-Item
support B-Item

repair/replace B-Activity
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

replace B-Activity
or O
rebuild B-Activity
cab B-Item
decking B-Item

hand B-Item
control I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

repair B-Activity
blown B-Observation
gasket B-Item
on B-Location
ret B-Item
.filters I-Item

replace B-Activity
accessory B-Item
pump I-Item
hoses B-Item

c/o B-Activity
l/h B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
oil B-Consumable
as O
per O
sos O

replace B-Activity
ac B-Item
compressor B-Item
and O
clutch B-Item

replace B-Activity
accumulator B-Item
rh B-Location
side I-Location

l/h B-Location
lift B-Item
pump I-Item
leaking B-Observation

repair B-Activity
blown B-Observation
steel B-Item
hydraulic I-Item
pipe I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
cleaner I-Item
duck B-Item
bills I-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
low B-Observation
compressor B-Item
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
cylinder B-Item
broken B-Observation
na O

grs B-Agent
x2 B-Cardinality
labour B-Activity
na O
13/8 B-Time

repair/replace B-Activity
head B-Item
prox. B-Item
switch I-Item
& O
guide B-Item

fabricate B-Activity
new B-Specifier
hose B-Item
mounting B-Item
bracket I-Item

deck B-Item
bush B-Item
coming B-Observation
out I-Observation

mast B-Item
locking I-Item
pin I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
loose B-Observation
wires B-Item
at B-Location
head B-Item

replace B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
& O
air O
hoses B-Item
as O
req. O

engine B-Item
stopping B-Observation
on B-Location
item_id O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
pressure I-Item
gauge I-Item
u/s B-Observation

nixons..commercial B-Agent
radio B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

nixons B-Agent
repairs B-Activity
to O
camera B-Item
and O
monitor B-Item

air B-Consumable
on B-Item
\ I-Item
off I-Item
switch I-Item
on B-Location
controller B-Item
u B-Observation
\ I-Observation
s I-Observation

one B-Cardinality
track B-Item
loose B-Observation

cab B-Item
pressuriser B-Item
fans I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

locking B-Item
pin I-Item
lights B-Item
u/s B-Observation

front B-Location
spirit B-Item
level I-Item
broken B-Observation
replace B-Activity
unit B-Item

loose B-Observation
and O
missing B-Observation
grouser B-Consumable
bolts I-Consumable

hydraulic B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute
check B-Activity

check B-Activity
air B-Item
cond I-Item
bit B-Observation
hot I-Observation

replace B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
fitting I-Item
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

remount B-Activity
r/h B-Location
angle O
lock B-Item
switch I-Item

capital B-Agent
fit B-Activity
walk B-Item
way I-Item
to O
rhs B-Location
of B-Location
mast B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
16.01.2008 B-Time

loose B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
on B-Location
wrench B-Item

replace B-Activity
? O
? O
? O
? O
cylinder B-Item
head I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
roation B-Item
pump I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
pump. I-Item

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
dropping B-Observation
stems B-Item

air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute
. O

alt B-Item
belt B-Item
u/s B-Observation

inspect B-Activity
& O
tape B-Activity
crack B-Observation
entry B-Item
door I-Item
glass B-Item

feed B-Item
system I-Item
functions B-Attribute
slow B-Observation

adjust B-Activity
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item
pressures B-Attribute

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
poteniometer B-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
carousel B-Item

clean B-Activity
out I-Activity
chain B-Item
lube B-Consumable
canister B-Item

monitor B-Activity
track B-Item
tension B-Attribute
& O
link B-Item
cracks B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item
- O
fan B-Item
left B-Location
changeout B-Activity

no B-Observation
240 O
power O

one B-Cardinality
stem B-Item
out O
of O
carousel B-Item
requires B-Observation
crane O

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
creeping B-Observation
in I-Observation

engine B-Item
shutting O
down O
on B-Location
low B-Observation
oil O
press B-Item

one B-Cardinality
light B-Item
out B-Observation
on B-Location
cab B-Item

replace B-Activity
door B-Item
latches I-Item
& O
catches B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
hydraulic B-Item
cabinet I-Item

clean B-Activity
out I-Activity
indexer B-Item
cylinder I-Item
area B-Location

clean B-Activity
rod B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
eye B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
hoses B-Item

fabricate B-Activity
& O
reposition B-Activity
hose B-Item

cracking B-Observation
on B-Location
head B-Item
hoses B-Item
support B-Item
bracket B-Item

air B-Observation
leaking O
from B-Location
seal B-Item
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

air B-Attribute
pressur I-Attribute
gauge B-Item
sticking B-Observation

loose B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
in B-Location
head B-Item
slide I-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
pulldown B-Item
chains I-Item

replace B-Activity
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item
guide B-Item

check B-Activity
alingment B-Attribute
of O
traveling B-Item
sprokets I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
conditioning I-Item
belt B-Item

capital B-Agent
install B-Activity
mesh B-Item
in B-Location
mast B-Item

cab B-Item
window I-Item
broken B-Observation

adjust B-Activity
mast B-Item
pull B-Item
down I-Item
ropes I-Item

repair B-Activity
flexible O
exhaust B-Item

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm B-Item
not B-Observation
coming I-Observation
in I-Observation

cab O
side B-Location
track B-Item
is O
very B-Observation
slack I-Observation

relocate B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
check I-Item
valve I-Item

broken B-Observation
angle B-Item
cylinder/replace I-Item
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

front B-Location
steps B-Item
broken B-Observation

caps B-Item
missing B-Observation
engine B-Item
fire B-Item
suppress I-Item
sprays I-Item

broken B-Observation
air O
swivel B-Item

clean B-Activity
out I-Activity
carousel B-Item
indexing B-Item
pin I-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

monitor B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute
na O

adjust B-Activity
lower B-Location
stacker B-Item
relief I-Item

engine B-Item
shutting O
down O
on B-Location
emergency O
stop O

inspect B-Activity
and I-Activity
repair I-Activity
hv B-Item
lighting I-Item

replace B-Activity
door B-Item
latch I-Item
rear B-Location
door B-Item

front B-Location
pto B-Item
box I-Item
making B-Observation
oil O

one B-Cardinality
track B-Item
locking B-Observation
up I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rod B-Item
support I-Item
controller B-Item

one B-Cardinality
track B-Item
keeps B-Observation
stopping O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
na O

no O
air O

engine B-Item
shutting O
down O
with O
air O
demand O

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
handrails B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
l/h B-Location
handrail B-Item

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
pack I-Item
on B-Location
access B-Item
stairs I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

feed B-Item
system I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

remount B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item
block B-Item

air B-Observation
not O
blowing B-Observation
through B-Location
magic B-Item
eye I-Item

cab B-Item
interior B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
air B-Observation
leaking O
main B-Specifier
tank B-Item

check B-Activity
top B-Location
scavenge B-Item
line I-Item
circuit B-Item

broken B-Observation
angle B-Item
lock I-Item
cylinder I-Item

monitor B-Activity
track B-Item
cracked B-Observation
links B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
tool B-Item
wrench I-Item
cylinder I-Item
na O

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
starting B-Item
system I-Item

cab B-Item
side B-Location
jack B-Item
leaking B-Observation
@ B-Location
foot B-Location
end I-Location

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mask B-Item

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
rotation B-Item
pipe I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
r/f B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
item_id O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
08.01.2008 B-Time

engine B-Item
sump B-Item
cracked B-Observation
in I-Observation
three I-Observation
places I-Observation

feed B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
lift I-Observation
stems B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item
filters B-Consumable

cabin B-Item
electrical O
repairs B-Activity

engine B-Item
shutting B-Observation
down-- I-Observation
high B-Observation
air O
temp O
dms O

clean B-Activity
out I-Activity
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item
sludge B-Observation
build I-Observation
up I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
l/h B-Location
jack B-Item
controller I-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
clutch B-Item

adjust B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item
item_id O

capital- B-Agent
chubb B-Agent
o/haul B-Activity
fire B-Item
sys. I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
proxy B-Item
switch I-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
main B-Specifier
valve B-Item
block. I-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
machine B-Item
na O

cracking B-Observation
at B-Location
front B-Location
walkway B-Item
staunchens I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
handrail B-Item

broke B-Observation
adapter B-Item
from B-Location
locking B-Item
cyl I-Item
to B-Location
pin B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item

cable B-Item
carousel B-Item
bolts B-Item
loose B-Observation

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
propel B-Item
lever I-Item

replace B-Activity
pottable B-Item
water I-Item
fittings O
.the O
pol O

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
solenoid B-Item
hastings B-Agent

fidecks B-Item
require B-Observation
new B-Specifier
skirts B-Item

repair B-Activity
front B-Location
lights B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
fork I-Item
item_id O

cracking B-Observation
mast B-Item
a B-Item
frame I-Item
pivot B-Item
boss O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hoist B-Item
chains I-Item

check B-Activity
track B-Item
accumulator B-Item
pressure B-Attribute

adjust B-Activity
hyd B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
rh B-Location
propel B-Item
item_id O

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm B-Item
cylinder B-Item
bent B-Observation

alternator B-Item
light B-Item
on B-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hyd B-Item
cooler I-Item
due O
to O
pin O
hole B-Observation

capital B-Agent
install B-Activity
access B-Item
sys. I-Item

front B-Location
pto B-Item
input B-Item
shaft I-Item
seal B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item

inspect B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
no.5 O
cyl B-Item
head I-Item

check B-Activity
track B-Item
adjustement B-Attribute
, O
tight B-Observation
dee81 O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item
compressor. B-Item

cable B-Item
tray I-Item
damaged B-Observation
at B-Location
bottom B-Location

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
holding B-Item
cylinder I-Item

breather B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
ram I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
tank I-Item

replace B-Activity
door B-Item
seals I-Item

air B-Observation
not O
blowing B-Observation
grease B-Activity

check B-Activity
track B-Item
operation B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
step I-Item
control I-Item

fabricate B-Activity
& O
fit B-Activity
chain B-Item
guards I-Item

cracking B-Observation
in B-Location
rhs B-Location
track B-Item
frame I-Item

cab O
side B-Location
rear B-Location
carrier B-Item
rolleru/s O

cab B-Item
main B-Specifier
window B-Item
shattered. B-Observation

fab B-Activity
inspection B-Item
door I-Item

replace B-Activity
drain B-Item
tap I-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

front B-Location
seal B-Item
u/s B-Observation
replace B-Activity
adapterr/h B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
pressure I-Item
switch I-Item
u/s B-Observation

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
worn B-Observation

no O
air O
in B-Location
pipe. B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
14.01.2008 B-Time

engine B-Item
stopping B-Observation
on O
high B-Observation
temp O
alarm B-Item
na O

loose B-Observation
& O
missing B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
carousel B-Item
motor B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
na O
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

repair B-Activity
fuel B-Consumable
fill B-Observation
problem O

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
power O
problem B-Observation

inspect B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
alarm B-Item
systems I-Item
on B-Location
drill B-Item

air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute
problems O

repair B-Activity
fire B-Item
supp I-Item
switch B-Item
for O
turbo B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
cylinder B-Item

alternator B-Item
aux B-Item
drive I-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

broked B-Observation
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
cond I-Item
lid B-Item
seals B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
suction B-Item
hose I-Item
na O

hydraulic B-Item
pressure I-Item
guage I-Item
sticking. B-Observation

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
19.12.2007 B-Time

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
hoses B-Item

fab B-Activity
flogging B-Item
spener I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
needs B-Observation
building O
up O

locking B-Item
pin I-Item
not B-Observation
locking I-Observation

check B-Activity
alingment B-Attribute
of O
timing B-Item
shaft. I-Item

one B-Cardinality
jack B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

cracking B-Observation
at B-Location
carousel B-Item
gearbox B-Item
fram B-Item
inside B-Location

monitor B-Activity
track B-Item
rollers I-Item
lhs B-Location
# O
1 O
& O
11 O

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
inverter I-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
sensors I-Item

fabricate B-Activity
/fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
hinges B-Item
rear B-Location
walkway B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
suspect O
noise B-Observation
in B-Location
engine B-Item

inspect B-Activity
all B-Cardinality
load B-Item
rollers I-Item

feed B-Item
to B-Observation
slow I-Observation

check B-Activity
air B-Attribute
pressures I-Attribute
with O
orifice O
changes O

loose B-Observation
bolts B-Item
under B-Location
carousel B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

repair B-Activity
front B-Location
dust B-Item
curtain I-Item

inspect B-Activity
and O
fix B-Activity
turbo B-Item
leaks B-Observation

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
cap B-Item
gasket B-Item

alternator B-Item
mount B-Item
u/s B-Observation

check B-Activity
top B-Location
spider B-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
speed B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
comp. I-Item
oil B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable

feed B-Item
wont B-Observation
operate I-Observation

cracking B-Observation
as O
per O
pope B-Agent
report O
wo2655847 O

front B-Location
seal B-Item
of O
fan B-Item
drive B-Item
adaptor B-Item
leaking B-Observation

adjust B-Activity
mast B-Item
& O
lock B-Item
at O
25 O
degrees O
item_id O

one B-Cardinality
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cylinder I-Item
wont B-Observation
disengauge I-Observation

replace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
clamp I-Item
cylinder B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
turbocharger B-Item

engine B-Item
shutting O
down O
on B-Location
comp. B-Item
oil B-Consumable
press. O

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm B-Item
cups B-Item
worn B-Observation

front B-Location
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
needs B-Observation
attention O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item
oil I-Item
seperator I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item
oil B-Item
pump I-Item

cab B-Item
leaking B-Observation
dust I-Observation
item_id O

nixons--fix B-Agent
two B-Item
way I-Item
& O
commercial B-Item
radios I-Item

engine B-Item
shutting O
down O
on B-Location
item_id O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
na O
mast B-Item
hyd B-Item
piping I-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item

clean B-Activity
radiator B-Item
core. B-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
clutch B-Item
assembly B-Item

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
from B-Location
air B-Item
receiver I-Item
to B-Location
cooler B-Item

cab B-Item
pressuriser B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
( O
has O
power O
) O

capital B-Agent
fit B-Activity
larger O
sumpmachine B-Item
shut B-Event
do I-Event

air B-Observation
not O
coming B-Observation
on O
down B-Location
hole I-Location

inspect B-Activity
air B-Item
con. I-Item
system I-Item

replace B-Activity
directional B-Item
control I-Item
valves I-Item

fill B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
aux B-Specifier
tank B-Item

bridge B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
temp B-Item
switch I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
stroker B-Item

locking B-Item
pins I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

check B-Activity
track B-Item
locking B-Observation
up I-Observation
while O
propeling B-Observation

one B-Cardinality
track B-Item
not B-Observation
staying I-Observation
tight I-Observation

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
step I-Item
cylinder B-Item

alt. B-Item
drive B-Item
motor I-Item
leaking B-Observation
from B-Location
front B-Location
seal B-Item

alternator B-Item
light B-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation

remount B-Activity
light B-Item
over B-Location
radiator B-Item

cracking B-Observation
in B-Location
top B-Location
r/h B-Location
front I-Location
cross B-Item
member I-Item

remount B-Activity
blind B-Item
in B-Location
window B-Item

broken B-Observation
side B-Location
adjusting O
bolt. O

cracking B-Observation
in B-Location
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
frame I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hyd B-Item
cylender I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rod B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder B-Item

brekout B-Item
for O
wrench B-Item
wont B-Observation
go I-Observation
back I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
lining I-Observation
up I-Observation

front B-Location
pto B-Item
making B-Observation
oil O

adjust B-Activity
limits B-Attribute
on B-Location
piping B-Item
hole. I-Item

front B-Location
tramming B-Item
alarm I-Item
not B-Observation
fitted I-Observation

alternator B-Item
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
item_id O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
item_id O
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
level B-Attribute
alarming B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
na O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
10.12.2007 B-Time

air O
pressure B-Attribute
low B-Observation

fab. B-Activity
& O
fit B-Activity
emergency B-Item
exit I-Item
steps. B-Item

replace B-Activity
potentiomete/ B-Item
water O
injection O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
hoses B-Item

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm B-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
item_id O

clean B-Activity
machine B-Item
down O
after B-Time
service B-Activity

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
mast B-Item

relpace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

cab B-Item
light I-Item
out B-Observation

mount B-Activity
anchor B-Item
points I-Item
for O
sandline B-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leaking B-Observation
from B-Location
pump B-Item

clean B-Activity
drill B-Item
for O
service B-Activity

moter B-Item
keeps B-Observation
cuting I-Observation
out I-Observation

cab B-Item
, O
lights B-Item
& O
two-way B-Item
power B-Observation
trip I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
&alternator B-Item
belts B-Item

check B-Activity
air B-Item
cond I-Item
systems B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
hoses B-Item

check B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item
adjustment B-Attribute

carasel B-Item
warning B-Item
light I-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation

replace B-Activity
discharge B-Item
hose I-Item

fabricate B-Activity
a O
new B-Specifier
deck B-Item
lug B-Item
and O
fit B-Activity

one B-Cardinality
light B-Item
on B-Location
cab B-Item
out B-Observation

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
rear I-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item

one B-Cardinality
rock B-Item
gaurd O
coming B-Observation
off I-Observation

alternator B-Item
light B-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation
intermittent I-Observation

check B-Activity
track B-Item
accumulator B-Item
pressures B-Attribute

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
sloppy B-Observation

cabin B-Item
rust O
removal B-Activity

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
seized B-Observation
air B-Item
compressor I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hoses B-Item
as O
required O

replace B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
cooler I-Item

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
above B-Location
no1 O
cylinder B-Item

no B-Observation
air O
preasure O
in B-Location
stem. B-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
rear I-Location
pump B-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
r/h B-Location
idler B-Item
for O
wear O

fab. B-Activity
& O
fit B-Activity
walkway B-Item
on B-Location
boom. B-Item

repair B-Activity
flashing B-Observation
light O
! O

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
rotation B-Item
piping I-Item

capital B-Agent
modify B-Activity
w/ways B-Item
around B-Location
eng. B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

cab B-Item
windows B-Item
falling B-Observation
out I-Observation
warranty O

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
ram B-Item

inspect B-Activity
- O
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item
cooler B-Item

cracking B-Observation
on B-Location
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
the O
stems B-Item

repair B-Activity
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
drive B-Item
head I-Item

fill B-Activity
compressor B-Item
reserve B-Item
& O
prime B-Activity
pump B-Item

adjust B-Activity
l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
lever I-Item

inspect B-Activity
and O
secure B-Activity
mast B-Item
handrail B-Item
damage B-Observation

fab B-Activity
ram B-Item
seat B-Item
and O
fit B-Activity

inspect B-Activity
/adjust B-Activity
feed B-Item
chains I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
clamping I-Observation
properly I-Observation

cab B-Item
heater B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
dreak B-Item
out I-Item
dies B-Item

clean B-Activity
photelectric B-Item
eye I-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
na O

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
from B-Location
ac B-Item
unit I-Item

remount B-Activity
fire B-Item
extinguisher I-Item
sign B-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
return I-Item
filter I-Item
seat B-Item
o-rings O

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
hoses B-Item

cracking B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item
at B-Location
pivot B-Item
point O

air B-Observation
leaking O
from B-Location
under B-Location
compressor B-Item

feed B-Item
system I-Item
creeping B-Observation

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
point I-Item

check B-Activity
track B-Item
guard B-Item
mounting B-Item
bolts I-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
sight B-Item
galss I-Item

nixons B-Agent
- O
replace B-Activity
commercial B-Item
radio I-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leaks B-Observation

relocate B-Activity
wash B-Item
down I-Item
tap I-Item

replace B-Activity
potable B-Item
water I-Item
filter B-Consumable

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
rod B-Item
positioner I-Item
cylinder I-Item

engine B-Item
shutting O
down O
on B-Location
coolant B-Consumable
flow O

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
operating I-Observation

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
con I-Item
con B-Item
belt I-Item

capside B-Location
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
playing B-Observation

bridged B-Activity
out O
mast B-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
pump B-Item

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
bit B-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hyd B-Item
hoses I-Item
as O
req O

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
belt I-Item
on O
item_id O

cab B-Item
light I-Item
faulty B-Observation

motor B-Item
will B-Observation
start I-Observation
but O
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
run I-Observation

check B-Activity
track B-Item
tension B-Attribute

nixons...check B-Agent
two B-Item
way I-Item
not B-Observation
clear I-Observation
enough I-Observation

replace B-Activity
a O
blown B-Observation
hose B-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
check B-Item
valve I-Item

replace B-Activity
door B-Item
seal I-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
07.01.2008 B-Time

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
stems B-Item

relocate B-Activity
two/way B-Item
speaker B-Item

replace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
cylinder B-Item

adjust B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
feed I-Item
to B-Location
cylinder B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
the O
lights B-Item

cab B-Item
reading B-Item
light I-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing B-Activity

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
rh B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
cylinder B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
feed B-Item
pipe B-Item
item_id O

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm B-Item
mount B-Item
twisted B-Observation

loose B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
r/h B-Location
rock B-Item
gaurds I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
feed B-Item
pipe B-Item
back B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

alternator B-Item
guard B-Item
rubbing B-Observation
on B-Location
pulley B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
tread B-Item
lube B-Item
system I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

feed B-Item
system I-Item
holding B-Observation
1000 B-Observation
psi I-Observation
? O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
reserve B-Item
tank I-Item

replace B-Activity
na O
drill B-Item
rods O

relpace B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cyl B-Item

clean B-Activity
murphy B-Item
gauge I-Item
glass B-Item

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
test I-Item
station I-Item
latch B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
pump B-Item

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
cabinet I-Item

capital B-Agent
turbo B-Item
& O
ex O
manifold B-Item
guards. B-Item

replace B-Activity
horn B-Item
relay B-Item

cab B-Item
light I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

mount B-Activity
a/c B-Item
air B-Item
con I-Item
precleaner B-Item
higher B-Location

replace B-Activity
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
level B-Item
switch I-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
belts B-Item

front B-Location
pump B-Item
drive B-Item
gearbox B-Item
leaking B-Observation

mount B-Activity
air B-Consumable
valve B-Item
below B-Location
serarator B-Item
& O
replum B-Activity

check B-Activity
tightness B-Attribute
of O
chains B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
01.02.2008 B-Time

adjust B-Activity
holding B-Item
valve I-Item
on B-Location
swing B-Item
arm I-Item

check B-Activity
alarm B-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
operating I-Observation
correctly O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
aircompressor B-Item
na O

motion B-Item
indicator I-Item
light I-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation

fabricate B-Activity
/replace B-Activity
rh B-Location
chain B-Item
guard I-Item

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
from B-Location
aux B-Specifier
pump B-Item

manufacturer24 B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity
09.01.2008 B-Time

locking B-Item
plates I-Item
broken B-Observation
off I-Observation
dies B-Item

no O
240v B-Attribute
power I-Attribute
in B-Location
cab B-Item

check B-Activity
out I-Activity
track B-Item
accumulators B-Item

replace B-Activity
a O
side O
rotation B-Item
pipe I-Item

replace B-Activity
hose B-Item
on B-Location
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item
na O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
oil. B-Consumable

hydraulic B-Consumable
oil I-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item
( O
s/ex. O
unit O
) O

pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
need B-Observation
building O
up O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
a B-Specifier
/ I-Specifier
b I-Specifier
port B-Item
gauge I-Item
line I-Item
r/h B-Location
propel B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
strocker B-Item
on O
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
crack B-Observation
pipe B-Item
position B-Item
arm I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
handrails B-Item
on O
na O

repair B-Activity
cracked B-Observation
hyd B-Item
pipe I-Item

check B-Activity
adjustnemt B-Attribute
on B-Location
hyd. B-Item
pressure O

alternator B-Item
dms O
light B-Item
coming B-Observation
up I-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
drill B-Item
bit I-Item

check B-Activity
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute
on B-Location
nozzle B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
bolts B-Consumable
in B-Location
a/c B-Item
gaurd B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
fuel B-Item
pipe B-Item
na O

air O
shuting B-Observation
of I-Observation
when O
machine O
is O
operating O

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
loader B-Item
alarm B-Item

check B-Activity
main B-Specifier
drivebox B-Item
making B-Observation
oil I-Observation

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
hose B-Item
- O
refill B-Activity
oil B-Consumable

repair B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
item_id O

check B-Activity
manufacturer30 B-Agent

def O
: O
front B-Location
jacks B-Item
operate O
slowly O

check B-Activity
mast B-Item
main B-Specifier
air B-Item
line I-Item
item_id O

repairs B-Activity
to O
deck B-Item
cylinder B-Item
holder B-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
& O
filters B-Consumable

repairs B-Activity
to O
fire B-Item
supression I-Item
system I-Item

checked B-Activity
out I-Activity
fuel B-Item
gauge I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
sprocket B-Item
drive I-Item

hyd B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
carousel B-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item
require B-Observation
attention I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
hose B-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder B-Item
bentaccident B-Observation
damge I-Observation

changeout B-Activity
upper B-Location
rod B-Item
positioning B-Item
sensor I-Item

leaking B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
high O
pressure O
gauge B-Item

from O
operator B-Agent
defect B-Observation
leak B-Observation
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
hose B-Item
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
to O
brak O

engine B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
run. I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lhr B-Location
jack B-Item
positioning B-Item
sensor I-Item

pin B-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
loss B-Observation

replace B-Activity
bolts B-Item
in B-Location
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups I-Item

hyd. B-Item
tank B-Item
overpressurised B-Observation

head B-Item
not B-Observation
going I-Observation
to B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

cracked B-Observation
walkway B-Item
top B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
work B-Item
deck I-Item
cylinder B-Item

head B-Item
playing B-Observation
up. I-Observation

def O
: O
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
box B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation

mindrill B-Agent
refurb B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item
jaws B-Item

rebuild B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
carousel B-Item

checked B-Activity
leakage B-Observation
on B-Location
pump B-Item
drive B-Item
box I-Item

hydraulic B-Item
tank I-Item
pressure B-Attribute
lost B-Observation
na O

inspected B-Activity
water B-Item
pump I-Item

pin B-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
refurbish B-Activity
3 O
x O
d90 O
drill B-Item
rods O

deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
creeping B-Observation
in I-Observation

relocate B-Activity
head B-Item
slide B-Item
stops B-Item
? O
? O
? O
? O

replace B-Activity
l/h/r B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

engine B-Item
vibrating B-Observation

air B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation

changew B-Activity
rhs B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
on B-Location
hrs O

no.1 O
fuel B-Item
injector I-Item
tube B-Item
leaking B-Observation
on O
na O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
on O
na O

feed B-Item
control B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
properly I-Observation

mindrill B-Agent
refurb B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods B-Item

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cyl. B-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Item
pressure I-Item
switch I-Item

def O
: O
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
final B-Item
drives I-Item

checked B-Activity
feed B-Item
pump I-Item
leaking B-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
warning I-Item
alarm I-Item

replace B-Activity
magic B-Item
eye I-Item
item_id O

blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
carousel B-Item
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Item
cooler I-Item

rebuild B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
tail B-Item
shaft I-Item
for O
na O

leaking B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
pipe I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

check B-Activity
alingment B-Attribute
of O
traveling B-Item
sprokets I-Item

engine B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
shut I-Observation
down I-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to O
fire B-Item
suppression I-Item
system I-Item

checked B-Activity
and O
repaired B-Activity
mast B-Item
raise O
limit B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
roller I-Item

leaking B-Observation
main B-Specifier
grease B-Item
hose I-Item
at B-Location
pump B-Item

feed B-Item
control B-Item
issues B-Observation
see O
history O

deck B-Item
seal B-Item
ruber B-Item
us B-Observation

blown B-Observation
exhaust B-Item
gasket B-Item
? O
see O
text O

rebuild B-Activity
poppets B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil O
pressure O
switch B-Item

feed B-Item
control B-Item
not B-Observation
locking I-Observation
on I-Observation

rebuild B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
airline B-Item
check B-Item
valve I-Item

engine B-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
run I-Observation

head B-Item
not B-Observation
lining I-Observation
up I-Observation
with O
stems B-Item

def O
: O
head O
up O
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
needs B-Observation
adjusting I-Observation

replace B-Activity
manufacturer2 B-Agent
drain B-Item
hose I-Item
rotary B-Item
mtr I-Item

engine B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
start I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
insert B-Item

engine B-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
start. I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation

hydraulic B-Item
valve I-Item
quick O
drop O
suspect O

cracked B-Observation
pipe B-Item
on B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

check B-Activity
lube B-Item
system I-Item
( O
overlubing B-Observation
breakout O
) O

engine B-Item
very O
fumey O

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
temp B-Item
sender I-Item

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
electrical B-Item
boxes I-Item
see O
text O

no B-Cardinality
two B-Item
way I-Item

no1 O
a/c B-Item
compressor B-Item
coupling B-Item
missing B-Observation

leaking B-Observation
micro B-Item
switch I-Item
valve B-Item

cable B-Item
tray I-Item
mounting B-Item
broken B-Observation
top B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
refurb B-Activity
drillrods B-Item

hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
leaking B-Observation
item_id O

air B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation
at B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

deck B-Item
seal B-Item
needs B-Observation
changing B-Activity
out I-Activity

rebuild B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

replace B-Activity
lp1 O
test B-Item
station I-Item

checked B-Activity
alternator B-Item
lagging B-Item

feed B-Item
control B-Item
lever I-Item
sticking B-Observation
completed O
6 O

camera B-Item
loose B-Observation
that O
covers O
engine B-Item

cracked B-Observation
rail B-Item
r/h B-Location
side I-Location
of O
cab B-Item

check B-Activity
main B-Specifier
pto O
input B-Item
seal I-Item
weap. B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to O
door B-Item
handle I-Item

replace B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item
jaws B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
cylinder B-Item

hyd B-Item
hoses I-Item
misc O
leaks B-Observation

deck B-Item
seal B-Item
needs B-Observation
replacing O

def O
: O
leak B-Observation
under B-Location
a B-Item
frame I-Item

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
loader B-Item
alarms B-Item

depth B-Item
encoder I-Item
drive B-Item
chain I-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
workdeck B-Item
ram B-Item

hydraulics B-Item
slow O

die B-Item
seized B-Observation
into O
tong B-Item
requires B-Observation
removal I-Observation

from O
orerator B-Agent
weekly B-Time
replace B-Activity
microwave B-Item
? O
? O

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
a-frame B-Item
front B-Location
legs B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
temperature O
sender B-Item

hyd. B-Item
button O
turning B-Observation
off I-Observation

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
hosing B-Item
on O
na O

replace B-Activity
manufacturer30 B-Agent
battery B-Item
item_id O

cracked B-Observation
tracks B-Item
rhs B-Location
tracks B-Item

replace B-Activity
lhr B-Location
track B-Item
rock B-Item
guardl I-Item

deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
controller B-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
filter B-Item
alarm B-Item
switch I-Item

check B-Activity
mast B-Item
angle B-Item
pin I-Item
bosses B-Item

pin B-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
cylinder B-Item

hyd. B-Item
filter O
light B-Item
coming B-Observation
on. I-Observation

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
- O
r/h B-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item
area B-Location

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
counter/balance B-Item
valves I-Item

inspected B-Activity
feed B-Item
pipe B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
c/o B-Activity
service O
charge O

checked B-Activity
hydraulic O
leak B-Observation

no B-Observation
tramming I-Observation
unless O
on O
bypass O
na O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
and O
spanner B-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h/r B-Location
counter B-Item
balance I-Item
valves I-Item

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
lights B-Item

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item
accumulator B-Item

engine B-Item
will B-Observation
crank I-Observation
and O
not B-Observation
start I-Observation

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
angle B-Item
lock I-Item
cyl B-Item
hose I-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item
chain B-Item

die B-Item
change B-Activity
out I-Activity

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item

replace B-Activity
bolts B-Item
in B-Location
pipe B-Item
support I-Item

checked B-Activity
out I-Activity
cameras B-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
starter B-Item
motor I-Item

air O
pressure B-Attribute
slow B-Observation
to I-Observation
build I-Observation
up I-Observation
. O
down/mac O

repairs B-Activity
to O
doors B-Item
on B-Location
cab. B-Item

repair B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
playing O
up O

changing B-Activity
eng B-Item
air B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
once O
per O
shift O

changeout B-Activity
u/s B-Observation
starter B-Item
motors I-Item
item_id O

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
sensor B-Item
mount B-Item
strengthing B-Activity

leaking B-Observation
into B-Location
box B-Item

rebuild B-Activity
rhr B-Location
jack B-Item
pad I-Item
mounting O
surface O

charge B-Activity
up I-Activity
acumulators B-Item

inspected B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

deck B-Item
side B-Location
bottom B-Location
door B-Item
seal I-Item
u/s B-Observation

relocate B-Activity
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
sensors I-Item

inspected B-Activity
blown B-Observation
grease B-Item
line I-Item

cable B-Item
tray I-Item
repairs B-Activity
check O
history O

def O
: O
jack B-Item
legs B-Item
slow B-Observation
and O
weak. B-Observation

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
hoses B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
inner B-Location
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item

check B-Activity
lower B-Location
deceleration B-Item
stop I-Item

hyd.filter B-Item
alarm B-Item

air B-Item
safety I-Item
valve I-Item
blown B-Observation
off I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
interlock B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
u/s B-Observation

cracked B-Observation
rotatiion B-Item
pipe I-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
filter B-Item
light I-Item
indicato B-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
chain B-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
feed B-Item
chain I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
lacing B-Item
cracks B-Observation

blown B-Observation
fan B-Item
hose B-Item

changing B-Activity
seals B-Item
in B-Location
pump B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
c/o B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods B-Item

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item
dies I-Item
item_id O

perform B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
auidit B-Activity

head B-Item
raise B-Item
controller I-Item
needs B-Observation
attent. O

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
alternator B-Item

check B-Activity
lube B-Item
system I-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item

replace B-Activity
bolts B-Item
on B-Location
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm I-Item

blown B-Observation
coolant B-Item
hose I-Item

cable B-Item
tray I-Item
repairs B-Activity

fridge B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

leaking B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
fitting I-Item
on B-Location
pump B-Item
na O

inspected B-Activity
noisy O
air B-Item
conditioner I-Item

replace B-Activity
bolts B-Item
on B-Location
positioning B-Item
cups I-Item

leaking B-Observation
hyd B-Item
pipe. I-Item

engine B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
keep I-Observation
running I-Observation

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder B-Item
bent B-Observation

replace B-Activity
lhrear B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
work. I-Observation

pin B-Item
walking B-Observation
out I-Observation
of I-Observation
r/h B-Location
track B-Item

replace B-Activity
borrowed B-Specifier
a/c B-Item
compressor B-Item

engine B-Item
winds O
over O
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
start I-Observation

head O
sensor B-Item
for O
traming O
at B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
sprocket B-Item
carrier I-Item
feed B-Item
sproc B-Item

no O
water B-Consumable
going O
to B-Location
mast B-Item

relocate B-Activity
hyd. B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
to B-Location
front I-Location
of I-Location
tank B-Item

head B-Item
raise O
see O
text O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
retaining B-Item
rods I-Item

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
u/s B-Observation

check B-Activity
machine B-Item
shutdown B-Item
system I-Item

feed B-Item
controler B-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
head O

checked B-Activity
out O
camera B-Item
cable B-Item

checked B-Activity
oil O
level B-Attribute
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
box B-Item

blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
l/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
die B-Item
holders I-Item

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
turbo B-Item

no1 O
a/c B-Item
not B-Observation
cold I-Observation
na O
highlands O

air B-Item
seperator I-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation
air O

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
gaskets B-Item
on B-Location
tank B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
dust B-Item
shute I-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
housings B-Item

hyd B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item
item_id O

camera B-Item
monitor B-Item
u/s B-Observation
war O

repairs B-Activity
to O
electrical B-Item
& O
lighting B-Item
repairs B-Activity

engine B-Item
surging B-Observation
dropping B-Observation
revs I-Observation

pin B-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
door B-Item
latch B-Item

blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
head B-Item
retract B-Item
low O
on B-Location
mast B-Item

blown B-Observation
gasket B-Item
/ O
top B-Location
of I-Location
hydraulic B-Item
tank. I-Item

dies B-Item
fulling B-Observation
out I-Observation

rebuild B-Activity
front B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

inspection B-Item
door I-Item
in B-Location
deck B-Item
not B-Observation
closing I-Observation

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
fuel B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
na O

deck B-Item
seal B-Item
u B-Observation
\ I-Observation
s I-Observation

front B-Location
a/c B-Item
fan I-Item
vibrating O

pin B-Item
missing B-Observation
from O
access B-Item
step I-Item
- O

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
hoses B-Item

changeout B-Activity
u/s B-Observation
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

feed B-Item
cylender O
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
cab B-Item
door I-Item
striker B-Item

def O
: O
front B-Location
jacks B-Item
slow O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
dush B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
entry O
cab B-Item
door B-Item
window B-Item

hyd B-Item
line I-Item
to B-Location
rod B-Item
fork B-Item
cylinders I-Item
leaking B-Observation

repair B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
die B-Item
holder I-Item

hydraulics B-Item
stopped B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
nozzle. B-Item

leaking B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
pipe I-Item

feed B-Item
controler B-Item
u/s B-Observation

engine B-Item
surging B-Observation

air B-Item
reciever I-Item
relief B-Item
valve I-Item
blowing B-Observation
off I-Observation

inspection B-Activity
3/5/01. O
some O
hyd B-Item
hoses I-Item
behind O

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
fork B-Item
cylinder I-Item

repair B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
item_id O

relocate B-Activity
mast B-Item
hoses B-Item

relocate B-Activity
servo B-Item
filters B-Consumable
& O
fit B-Activity
hand B-Item
rail I-Item

cracked B-Observation
mount B-Item
r/h/f B-Location
aux B-Specifier
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item

hyd B-Item
oil I-Item
cooler I-Item
developed O
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
core I-Location

mindrill B-Agent
rebuild B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods B-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
l/sw B-Location
playing O
up O
na O

no O
water O
injection B-Observation

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
fuel B-Item
filter I-Item

checked B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

hyd. B-Item
pipe O
on B-Location
mast B-Item
is O
cracked B-Observation

mindrill B-Agent
na O
rod B-Item
c/o B-Activity

engine B-Item
tacho B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
dies B-Item

pin B-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

cracking B-Observation
above B-Location
pottable B-Item
water I-Item
tank I-Item

def O
: O
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item
leak B-Observation

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

replace B-Activity
lower B-Location
startermotor B-Item

diagnostic B-Item
lamp I-Item
flashing B-Observation

head B-Item
raising B-Observation
up I-Observation

head B-Item
not B-Observation
coming I-Observation
down I-Observation

head B-Item
running B-Observation
to B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item
( O
see O
text O

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
& O
filters B-Consumable

hyd B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
tram B-Item
item_id O

perform B-Activity
lubrication B-Consumable
audit B-Activity

perform B-Activity
grease B-Consumable
audit B-Activity

pipe B-Item
clamp B-Item
cylinder B-Item
leaking B-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
cooler B-Item

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
cyl B-Item
counter B-Item
balance I-Item
valves B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
dust B-Item
seal I-Item

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
hoses B-Item
hyd B-Item
cabinet I-Item
item_id O

hydraulic O
testing B-Activity

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
feed B-Item
chain I-Item
l/h B-Location
side. I-Location

leaking B-Observation
oring B-Item
on B-Location
holding B-Item
valve I-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
pressure O
sender B-Item
dms O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
@ B-Location
lh B-Location
turbo B-Item

replace B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
pressure O
gauge B-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item
not B-Observation
gripping I-Observation

fridge B-Item
, O
urn B-Item
no B-Observation
power I-Observation
going O
through O

check B-Activity
mast B-Item
safety B-Item
circuits I-Item

engine B-Item
wont B-Observation
crank I-Observation
on O
item_id O

hyd. B-Item
button O
wont B-Observation
switch I-Observation
off I-Observation

hyd. B-Item
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
cabinet B-Item
outside B-Location
cab B-Item

def O
: O
front B-Location
gearbox B-Item
making O
noise O

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
oil I-Item
filter I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
retaining B-Item
plate I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
decel B-Item
and O
thread B-Item
lube O

rebuild B-Activity
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

relocate B-Activity
harness B-Item
/ O
hoses B-Item
to O
fit O
stands O

perform B-Activity
lube B-Item
system I-Item
audit B-Activity

engine B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
run I-Observation
continously I-Observation

replace B-Activity
bolts B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item

inspected B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

rebuild B-Activity
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
ex O
item_id O
lhs B-Location

engine B-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
start I-Observation

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
pulldown B-Item
chain I-Item

hyd. O
oil O
leak B-Observation

cracked B-Observation
pipe B-Item
feed B-Item
/ O
rotation O

front B-Location
a/c B-Item
not B-Observation
operating I-Observation

no.1 O
aircon B-Item
unit O
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
na O

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
injector B-Item
line I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
link B-Item
assembly I-Item

hydraulics B-Item
controls I-Item
dropped B-Observation
out I-Observation
item_id O

camera B-Item
screen B-Item
in B-Location
cab B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

pertik B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity

fridge B-Item
is B-Observation
not I-Observation
working I-Observation

rebuild B-Activity
spare B-Specifier
carousel B-Item
gearbox B-Item

replace B-Activity
compressor B-Item
hose B-Item
na O

air B-Item
regulator I-Item
u/s B-Observation

blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
item_id O

cabside B-Location
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
pin I-Item
broken B-Observation

engine B-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
rev I-Observation
up I-Observation

pin B-Item
popping B-Observation
out I-Observation
of O
brackout B-Item
fork I-Item

changeout B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
motor I-Item

changeout B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
motor I-Item
on O
hrs O

cabside B-Location
propel B-Item
manufacturer2 B-Agent
drain B-Item
hose I-Item
u/s B-Observation
na O

deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
cylinder B-Item
hose I-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

pin B-Item
walking B-Observation
out I-Observation
on B-Location
rh B-Location
track B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
c/o B-Activity
1 B-Cardinality
rods B-Item

repair B-Activity
mounting B-Item
lugs I-Item
rod B-Item
support I-Item
arm B-Item

blown B-Observation
hose B-Item
na O

charge B-Activity
accumulator B-Item
on B-Location
track B-Item

mindrill B-Agent
changeout B-Activity
on B-Location
site O

engine B-Item
tacho B-Item
working B-Observation
intermittently I-Observation

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
na O

detergent B-Consumable
pump B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

perform B-Activity
grease B-Consumable
audit B-Activity
some B-Cardinality
injectors B-Item
malf B-Observation

replace B-Activity
lowersprocket B-Location
carrier B-Item
wear B-Item
pads I-Item

replace B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
hoses B-Item
traveling B-Item
sheaves I-Item

dipper B-Item
switch I-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
rotation B-Item
pipe I-Item

repair B-Activity
broken B-Observation
driveshaft B-Item

relocate B-Activity
the O
fuel B-Item
tank I-Item
breather. B-Item

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
cylinder B-Item
relief B-Item
valve I-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
safety B-Item
rail I-Item

air B-Observation
problems I-Observation
on B-Location
thread B-Item
grease I-Item
lube I-Item

feed B-Item
control B-Item
erratic B-Observation

cracker B-Observation
r/h B-Location
link B-Item

hydraulics B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
on B-Location
steps B-Item

relocate B-Activity
rod B-Item
at B-Location
ramp B-Item
14 O
and O
refit B-Activity

def O
: O
hyd. B-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation

cracked B-Observation
rotation B-Item
pipe I-Item

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
hose B-Item

no O
tram B-Observation

engine B-Item
turbos B-Item
failed B-Observation
on O
item_id O

hyd B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

deck B-Item
seal B-Item
u/s B-Observation

pertik B-Agent
hose B-Item
inspection B-Activity
9.4.08 B-Time
item_id O

leaking B-Observation
line B-Item
on B-Location
left B-Location
hand I-Location
propel B-Item
pump I-Item

hyd B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
carousel B-Item
na O

hyd B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

no O
tramming B-Observation

replace B-Activity
bolts O
& O
adj B-Activity
guide B-Item
blocks. I-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h B-Location
track B-Item
drive B-Item
sprocket I-Item

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
sensors B-Item

feed B-Item
control B-Item
valve I-Item
leaking B-Observation

inspected B-Activity
murphy B-Item
switch I-Item
alarm I-Item

pipe B-Item
support I-Item
is O
broken B-Observation

relocate B-Activity
lube O
tank B-Item
vent B-Item
hose B-Item

feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
head B-Item
seal B-Item
leaking B-Observation

cabside B-Location
jacks B-Item
slow B-Observation
to I-Observation
respond I-Observation

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
fork B-Item
cylinders B-Item

replace B-Activity
lh B-Location
track B-Item
sprocket B-Item
bolts O

hyd. B-Item
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
propel B-Item

replace B-Activity
breather B-Item
elbow I-Item
on B-Location
engine B-Item

perform B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
audit- B-Activity
injectors B-Item
bypassing B-Observation

engine B-Item
tripping B-Observation
out I-Observation

pending B-Observation
radio B-Item
core B-Item

deck B-Item
seal B-Item
retaining B-Item
plate I-Item
bent B-Observation
up I-Observation

air B-Item
reciever I-Item
pressure B-Attribute
low O

replace B-Activity
both B-Cardinality
accessory B-Specifier
pumps B-Item

blown B-Observation
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
hose B-Item

head B-Item
not B-Observation
travelling I-Observation
fully I-Observation
down I-Observation

inspected B-Activity
leakage B-Observation
rotation B-Item
feed I-Item
g/box B-Item

replace B-Activity
breakout B-Item
tong I-Item
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
mast B-Item
angle B-Item
cylinder I-Item

front B-Location
a/c B-Item
fan B-Item
vibration B-Observation

front B-Location
jacks B-Item
slow B-Observation

repairs B-Activity
to O
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
housing B-Item

replace B-Activity
borrowed B-Specifier
hyd B-Item
fitting I-Item
on O
na O

free B-Activity
up I-Activity
thread B-Item
lube I-Item
pump I-Item
item_id O

hydraulics B-Item
keep B-Observation
stopping I-Observation
na O

repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
cylinder I-Item
item_id O

cable B-Item
tray I-Item
lower B-Location
edge I-Location
worn B-Observation
out I-Observation

perform B-Activity
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
bypass B-Activity
test I-Activity

hyd. B-Item
leak B-Observation
rh B-Location
rotation B-Item
motor I-Item

relocate B-Activity
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item

auscrome B-Agent
-rebuild B-Activity
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item

input B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation
on I-Observation
front B-Location
drive B-Item
box I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
sprocket B-Item
assembly B-Item

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
valve B-Item
switch B-Item
tripping B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
4 B-Cardinality
alternator B-Item
belts I-Item
cracking B-Observation

broken B-Observation
grease O
line B-Item
lh B-Location
track B-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
rain B-Item
hats I-Item

replace B-Activity
manufacturer2 B-Agent
drain B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
l/h B-Location
propel B-Item

change B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item
oil B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
na O

enweld B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

broken B-Observation
grease O
lines B-Item

inspect B-Activity
for O
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
na O

busted B-Observation
hyd B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item
na O

charging O
fault B-Item
light I-Item
on B-Observation

remove B-Activity
old B-Specifier
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
pin I-Item
grease B-Item
hose I-Item
l/h B-Location

broken B-Observation
handrails B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item
slides B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to B-Location
top I-Location
of I-Location
cable B-Item
tray I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
na O

l/h B-Location
lower I-Location
feed B-Item
sproket I-Item
out B-Observation
of I-Observation
line O

lh B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
leaking B-Observation
at B-Location
gland B-Item

l/h B-Location
mast B-Item
support B-Item
frame B-Item
cracked B-Observation

hyd B-Item
's O
not B-Observation
functioning I-Observation

replace B-Activity
o-ring B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
cylinder I-Item

remove B-Activity
links B-Item
from O
lower B-Location
chains B-Item
top B-Location
chai B-Item

rebuild B-Activity
chain B-Item
tensinor B-Item
cylinder O

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
23/7 B-Time

broken B-Observation
hyd B-Item
line I-Item

grs B-Agent
labour O
x3 O
wednesday B-Time
2 B-Time
/ I-Time
7 I-Time
/ I-Time
08 I-Time

bent B-Observation
hand B-Item
rail I-Item
at B-Location
back I-Location
cabin B-Item
door B-Item

replace B-Activity
drive B-Item
line I-Item
pump B-Item
drive I-Item

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
speed B-Attribute

inspect B-Activity
drivelines B-Item
& O
air B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
na O

adjust B-Activity
ropes B-Item
they O
are O
too B-Observation
loose I-Observation

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
item_id O
wed B-Time
12/03 I-Time
/08 I-Time

record B-Activity
serial B-Attribute
numbers I-Attribute
feed/rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

remove B-Activity
old B-Specifier
grease B-Item
line I-Item
next O
service O

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
gaskets B-Item

adjust B-Activity
rotation B-Attribute
speed I-Attribute

input B-Item
shaft I-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation
badly O

modification B-Activity
to O
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

enweld B-Agent
labour O
x2 O
na O
20/8 B-Time

repairs B-Activity
to O
thread B-Item
lube I-Item
pump I-Item

mast B-Item
and O
deck B-Item
repairs B-Activity

inspect B-Activity
& O
adjust B-Activity
pull B-Item
down I-Item
chain I-Item
timimg B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
thermostat B-Item
control B-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
hydraulic B-Item
pump I-Item

krown B-Agent
x2 B-Cardinality
labour B-Activity
item_id O
30/7 B-Time

remove B-Activity
old B-Specifier
and O
fit B-Activity
new B-Specifier
sub B-Item

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
2/9 B-Time

old B-Specifier
belts B-Item
keep O
fallinreplace O
a/con B-Item
belts B-Item

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
sensors I-Item

replace B-Activity
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
mounting B-Item
flange I-Item

record B-Activity
ser O
no O
of O
below O
components B-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
binding B-Observation
up I-Observation

missing B-Observation
bolts B-Item
hose B-Item
support B-Item
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
j O

replace B-Activity
large O
die B-Item
in B-Location
moveabe B-Item
arm I-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h/s B-Location
top B-Location
carrier B-Item
sprocket B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cylinder B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
sprocket I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x4 B-Cardinality
na O
2/9 B-Time

change B-Activity
a/c B-Item
belts B-Item
on B-Location
down B-Event
day.checked O
ok O

chains B-Item
over B-Observation
tight I-Observation

broken B-Observation
carousel B-Item
spider B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
dust B-Item
deflector I-Item

l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
motor I-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

over B-Activity
haul I-Activity
power B-Item
wrench I-Item
jaws B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
sprocket B-Item

broken B-Observation
grease O
line B-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
receiver B-Item
oil B-Consumable
hose B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
/cone B-Item
& O
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

broken B-Observation
grease B-Item
line I-Item
to B-Location
carasel B-Item
piviot. I-Item

replace B-Activity
a/cond B-Item
pully B-Item

replace B-Activity
nordic B-Item
light I-Item
front B-Location
rhs B-Location

broken B-Observation
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
cylinder B-Item

auto B-Item
lube I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
7 B-Cardinality
4.5kg B-Specifier
dcp O
extinguishers B-Item

bent B-Observation
rope B-Item
carrier I-Item

busted B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
hose I-Item
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

bent B-Observation
positioner B-Item
cylinder B-Item

missing B-Observation
chain/sprocket B-Item
on B-Location
depth B-Item
counter I-Item

inspect B-Activity
water B-Item
injection I-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
cyl I-Item
guides I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
diagonal O
brace B-Item
lock I-Item
cyl I-Item

replace B-Activity
o-ring B-Item
at B-Location
base B-Location
of O
bypass B-Item
tube I-Item

one B-Cardinality
filter B-Item
still O
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

change B-Activity
accessory B-Item
pumps B-Item
na O

record B-Activity
serial B-Attribute
numbers I-Attribute
of O
rotation B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
system B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
pump B-Item
driveline B-Item
front B-Location
item_id O

burnt B-Observation
wiring B-Item
under B-Location
cab B-Item
item_id O

rebuild B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
wrench I-Item

inside B-Location
rotation B-Item
steel I-Item
line I-Item
leaking B-Observation

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
guides B-Item

check B-Activity
accumulator B-Item
pressures B-Attribute

broken B-Observation
hydraulic B-Item
hose I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
sprocket B-Item
bolts B-Consumable

bent B-Observation
ram B-Item
breakout B-Item
wrench B-Item

replace B-Activity
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
assembly B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
planetarys B-Item

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
item_id O
24/9 B-Time

refill B-Activity
aux B-Specifier
compressor B-Item
oil B-Consumable
tank B-Item

replace B-Activity
l/h/rear B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

manufacturer5 B-Agent
o/haul B-Activity
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cylinder I-Item

inspect B-Activity
vibration O
around B-Location
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
area O

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
slides B-Item

inspect B-Activity
tracks B-Item
came B-Observation
loose I-Observation

bent B-Observation
hose B-Item
supports B-Item
l/h/s B-Location
machine B-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
rain B-Item
caps I-Item

replace B-Activity
3x B-Cardinality
worn B-Observation
steels B-Item

mask B-Item
won B-Observation
" I-Observation
t I-Observation
lower I-Observation

broken B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
slap B-Item
wrench. I-Item

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
accessory B-Item
cylinders I-Item

replace B-Activity
dust B-Item
cone I-Item
and O
deck B-Item
seal. I-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
lagging B-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

auto B-Item
lube I-Item
operations B-Activity

one B-Cardinality
glass B-Item
window I-Item
has O
large B-Observation
crack. I-Observation

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
pressuriser B-Item
gauge I-Item
u/s B-Observation
? O
? O

change B-Activity
rh B-Location
turbo B-Item
half O
life O

check B-Activity
potable B-Item
water I-Item
pumo B-Item
and O
tank B-Item

remove B-Activity
mast B-Item
for O
repairs B-Activity

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item
& O
decals B-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

change B-Activity
l/h B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item
hose I-Item

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
16/7 B-Time

adjust B-Activity
park B-Item
brake I-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
suction B-Item
hose I-Item

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
guides/replace B-Item
bolts O

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
slides B-Item
to O
1/16 O
" O
gap O

replace B-Activity
dropped B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod I-Item
on O
na O

enweld B-Agent
item_id O
21/3/2006 B-Time

rebuild B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
spanner I-Item

levelling B-Item
jack I-Item
not B-Observation
jacking I-Observation

modifications B-Activity
to O
plenum B-Item
chamber I-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
appears B-Observation
loose I-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cylinder I-Item

l/h B-Location
lower I-Location
head B-Item
slide I-Item
u/s B-Observation

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x4 B-Cardinality
item_id O
12/03/08 B-Time

broken B-Observation
handrail B-Item
r/h B-Location
side I-Location
mast B-Item

modifications B-Activity
to O
cooler B-Item
circuit I-Item

rebuild B-Activity
failed B-Observation
rotation B-Item
motor I-Item

manufacturer31 B-Agent
will O
not O
go O
down. O

input B-Item
shaft I-Item
seal I-Item
on B-Location
rear I-Location
pto B-Item
leaking B-Observation

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
28/01 B-Time

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
deck B-Item
ram B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
hose B-Item

levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
interlock O
/ O
propel O

lh B-Location
chain B-Item
guard I-Item
u B-Item
bolt I-Item
missing B-Observation

inspect B-Activity
top B-Location
feed B-Item
chain B-Item
sprocket B-Item
worn B-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
rotation B-Item
motor I-Item

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
arm I-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
feed B-Item
cyls. B-Item

broken B-Observation
grease O
fitting B-Item
under B-Location
drill B-Item

broken B-Observation
handrail B-Item
on B-Location
r/h B-Location
mast B-Item
walkway B-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
clamps B-Item

remove B-Activity
old B-Specifier
heater B-Item
hoses B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
compressor B-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
broken B-Observation

change B-Activity
a/c B-Item
belts. B-Item

replace B-Activity
4.5 B-Specifier
dcp B-Specifier
extinguisher. B-Item

change B-Activity
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cups B-Item
, O

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
na O
9/9/08 B-Time

busted B-Observation
bullhose B-Item

inspect B-Activity
deck B-Item
bush B-Item

remove B-Activity
lh B-Location
rear B-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item

l/h B-Location
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cyl I-Item
starting O
to O
leak O

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
speeds B-Attribute
( O
130 O
rpm O
) O

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
main B-Specifier
compressor B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item
stroker B-Item
cables I-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
viewing B-Item
window I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x3 B-Cardinality
na O
11/6/08 B-Time

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
fan B-Item
adaptor I-Item

broken B-Observation
handraill/h/s B-Item
crows B-Item
nest I-Item

inspect B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

adjust B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
wear B-Item
strips I-Item

replace B-Activity
5 B-Specifier
" I-Specifier
x I-Specifier
7 I-Specifier
" I-Specifier
hose B-Item
which B-Observation
is I-Observation
split I-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

record B-Activity
track B-Item
link B-Item
part B-Attribute
no I-Attribute

repairs B-Activity
to O
tool B-Item
rench O

over B-Observation
traming I-Observation
on B-Location
the O
l/h B-Location
side. I-Location

levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
not B-Observation
retracting I-Observation

replace B-Activity
o-rings B-Item
and O
leaking B-Observation
fittings. B-Item

on/off B-Item
switch I-Item
not B-Observation
operate I-Observation
downhole O
air B-Consumable

auto B-Item
greaser I-Item
going B-Observation
out I-Observation
on I-Observation
alarm I-Observation

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
diagonal O
brace B-Item
cylinder I-Item

inspect/replace B-Activity
worn B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
hoses. I-Item

charging B-Observation
problems I-Observation

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
pull B-Item
down I-Item
chain I-Item
guard I-Item

remove B-Activity
lh B-Location
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cylinder I-Item

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
over B-Observation
full I-Observation

replace B-Activity
dust B-Item
cone I-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
adjuster B-Item
to O
be O
replaced O

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
has O
come B-Observation
off I-Observation
the O
drill B-Item

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
a/c B-Item
valve B-Item
in B-Location
dog B-Item
box I-Item

over B-Activity
haul I-Activity
lhs B-Location
carrier B-Item
ex O
na O

input O
and O
out O
put O
seals B-Item
leaking B-Observation

krowne B-Agent
labour B-Activity
item_id O
16.04.08 B-Time

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
r/h B-Location
travel B-Item
pump I-Item

modifications B-Activity
to O
covers B-Item

krowne B-Agent
labour B-Activity
9.4.08 B-Time
2x B-Cardinality
f O
item_id O

replace B-Activity
due O
to O
cracking B-Observation
rhs B-Location
idler B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
thread B-Item
lube I-Item

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
17/9 B-Time

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
feed B-Item
cylinder I-Item
l B-Location
/ I-Location
hand I-Location

change B-Activity
# B-Specifier
4 I-Specifier
lhs B-Location
roller B-Item
u/s B-Observation

engins B-Item
fan B-Item
vibrating B-Observation

broken B-Observation
l/h B-Location
pulldown B-Item
chain I-Item

enweld B-Agent
acc B-Observation
damage I-Observation
plannun B-Item
chamber B-Item
bent B-Observation

hyd B-Item
tune B-Activity
at O
end B-Time
of O
shut B-Event
down I-Event

one B-Cardinality
chain B-Item
gaurd B-Item
bent B-Observation
up I-Observation

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
pulldown B-Item
cylinder I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
fan B-Item
motor I-Item
na O

mask B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
u/s B-Observation

oil B-Consumable
spraying B-Observation
from B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

auto B-Item
greaser I-Item
alarming B-Observation

busted B-Observation
hyd. B-Item
hose I-Item

injector B-Item
c/o B-Activity
on O
hrs O

one B-Cardinality
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item
leaking B-Observation

mod B-Activity
: O
slapper B-Item
wrench I-Item
hold B-Item
down I-Item
bar I-Item
mod O

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
propel B-Item
motor I-Item

missing B-Observation
growser B-Item
bolts B-Item

broken B-Observation
injecter B-Item
pipe I-Item

engins B-Item
ran B-Observation
out I-Observation
of I-Observation
fuel. B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
feed B-Item
steel B-Item
tube B-Item

krown B-Agent
replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
track B-Item
drive B-Item
sprocket B-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
view B-Item
window I-Item

broken B-Observation
light B-Item
cab B-Item
handrail B-Item

rebuild B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
fork I-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
links B-Item
u/s B-Observation
change B-Activity
out I-Activity

broken B-Observation
l/h B-Location
pull O
back O
rope B-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
rain B-Item
flaps I-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
coming B-Observation
loose I-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
& O
cone B-Item
item_id O

inspect B-Activity
track B-Item
assembles B-Item

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation
from O
top B-Location
cover B-Item
plates I-Item

broken B-Observation
hose B-Item
on B-Location
cylinder B-Item

mask B-Item
won B-Observation
; I-Observation
t I-Observation
lower I-Observation

enweld B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

repairs B-Activity
to O
spray B-Item
bars I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
thread B-Item
lube I-Item
system I-Item

replace B-Activity
4.5 O
kg B-Attribute
fire B-Item
extinguisher I-Item

over B-Activity
haul I-Activity
stem B-Item
lube B-Item
pump I-Item

inspected B-Activity
process O
water B-Item
pump I-Item

broken B-Observation
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
na O

bent B-Observation
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder B-Item

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
arm I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x1 B-Cardinality
na O
6/8 B-Time

reduce B-Activity
hyd. B-Item
tank I-Item
level B-Attribute
-- O
overful B-Observation

rebuild B-Activity
drill B-Item
steels I-Item

enweld B-Agent
na O
parts B-Item
cage I-Item

replace B-Activity
lampholder B-Item
on B-Location
drill B-Item
54 O

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
is O
slow B-Observation
to I-Observation
operate I-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
holding B-Item
wrench I-Item

busted B-Observation
bull B-Item
hose I-Item

inspect B-Activity
water B-Consumable
injection B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

check B-Activity
& O
drain B-Activity
pump B-Item
drive I-Item
item_id O

inspect B-Activity
& O
repair B-Activity
mast B-Item
pivot B-Item
caps B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
viewing B-Item
window I-Item
rubber O

bent B-Observation
positioner B-Item
cylinder B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
pulley B-Item

busted B-Observation
fitting B-Item

enweld B-Agent
item_id O
repairs B-Activity

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
alternator B-Item

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
veiwing B-Item
window I-Item

broken B-Observation
cylinder B-Item

record B-Activity
serial B-Attribute
numbers I-Attribute
rotation B-Item
motors I-Item

remove B-Activity
link B-Item
from O
both B-Cardinality
feed B-Item
chain I-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
h/p B-Item
hose O

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
clamps B-Item

change B-Activity
air B-Consumable
and O
fuel B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable

replace B-Activity
o-ring B-Item
on B-Location
holding B-Item
valve I-Item

modify B-Activity
chain B-Item
guards I-Item

enweld B-Agent
na O
repairs B-Activity

audible O
alarm B-Item
on O
softly O
at O
all O
times O

auto B-Item
greaser I-Item
faulting B-Observation

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
fan B-Item
motor I-Item

check B-Activity
/ O
adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
arm I-Item

broken B-Observation
compressor B-Item
mounting B-Item
bolts I-Item

mask B-Item
proxy B-Item
switch I-Item
damage B-Observation

lh B-Location
feed B-Item
cyl I-Item
cracked B-Observation
at B-Location
steel O
line O
at B-Location
top I-Location

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x3 B-Cardinality
item_id O
20/03/08 B-Time

replace B-Activity
4 B-Cardinality
circuit B-Item
breakers I-Item
on B-Location
240v B-Specifier
light B-Item

on B-Item
jack I-Item
wont B-Observation
work I-Observation

adjust B-Activity
ropes B-Item

grs B-Agent
labour B-Activity
x2 B-Cardinality
item_id O
27/8 B-Time

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
rotation B-Item
pipe I-Item

inspect B-Activity
filters O

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
propel B-Item
hose I-Item
& O
wrap B-Item

inspect B-Activity
drill B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
r/h B-Location
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item
cylinder B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
mask B-Item

replace B-Activity
5 B-Cardinality
steels B-Item
and O
a B-Cardinality
reamer B-Item

rebuild B-Activity
ex O
rhs B-Location
track B-Item
accumulator B-Item

inspect B-Activity
engine B-Item
oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Attribute
item_id O

repairs B-Activity
to O
top B-Location
mast B-Item
lights B-Item

replace B-Activity
lamp B-Item
holder B-Item

replace B-Activity
lead B-Specifier
rod B-Item

adjust B-Activity
park B-Item
brake I-Item
again O

replace B-Activity
ac B-Item
clutch B-Item

remove B-Activity
links B-Item
from O
upper B-Location
chains B-Item

charge B-Activity
up I-Activity
track B-Item
accumulators B-Item

lh B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item
a/b B-Item
port I-Item
seal B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
pre B-Item
cleaner I-Item

broken B-Observation
chain B-Item

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
lid B-Item
hinge B-Item

bent B-Observation
stem B-Item

insert B-Activity
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
back O

chassis B-Item
crack B-Observation
repairs B-Activity

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
no2 B-Specifier
heater B-Item
solenoid. B-Item

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
level B-Item
gauge I-Item
leaking B-Observation

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
fell B-Observation
off I-Observation
of O
idler B-Item

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinder B-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
thread B-Item
grease I-Item
system I-Item

bent B-Observation
levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
cylinders B-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
drive B-Item
sprocket I-Item

l/h B-Location
prop B-Item
pump I-Item
stroker B-Item
u/s B-Observation

lh B-Location
fan B-Item
pump B-Item
u/s B-Observation
replace B-Activity

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
cab B-Item

one B-Cardinality
carousel B-Item
index B-Item
stricker I-Item
missing B-Observation

krown B-Agent
x1 B-Cardinality
labour B-Activity
na O
16/7 B-Time

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
nordic B-Item
light I-Item
rhs B-Location
top B-Location
cabin B-Item

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
manifold B-Item
bolts B-Item

input B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation

broken B-Observation
deck B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item

manufacturer5 B-Agent
require B-Observation
part O

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
flex B-Item
and O
covers B-Item

record B-Activity
serial B-Attribute
no I-Attribute
of O
accessory B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
and O
bush B-Item

lh B-Location
chain B-Item
guard I-Item
missing B-Observation
rh B-Location
bent B-Observation
up I-Observation

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
pto B-Item
seals O

broken B-Observation
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item

rebuild B-Activity
breakout B-Item
tong I-Item

manufacturer30 B-Agent
will O
not O
counting O
drill B-Item
steel I-Item

broken B-Observation
cylinder B-Item
anchor B-Item
,bent B-Observation
cylinder B-Item

inspect B-Activity
feed B-Item
chain I-Item
temp O
joining B-Item
link I-Item

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
manifold B-Item
coupler B-Item
leaking B-Observation

busted B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
na O

l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
moter I-Item
us B-Observation

replace B-Activity
main B-Specifier
pump B-Item
drive I-Item

chec B-Activity
grease B-Consumable
on B-Location
back B-Location
shaft B-Item

l/h B-Location
track B-Item
jumping B-Observation

oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item
na O

replace B-Activity
o-ring B-Item
on B-Location
mast B-Item
hose B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
3x B-Cardinality
lights B-Item

mask B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
light B-Item
u/s B-Observation

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
rh B-Location
carrier B-Item
roller B-Item
mount I-Item

replace B-Activity
4 B-Cardinality
incorrect B-Observation
track B-Item
grouser B-Item
bolts I-Item

broken B-Observation
hand B-Item
rail I-Item
crows B-Item
nest I-Item

inspect B-Activity
faulty B-Observation
fuel B-Item
gauge. I-Item

hyd. B-Item
brake B-Item
hose I-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
noisy O
comm. B-Item
radio I-Item

hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
leaking B-Observation

refill B-Activity
batteries B-Item
& O
adjust B-Activity
a/c B-Item
belts B-Item

change B-Activity
out I-Activity
reamer B-Item

broken B-Observation
harness B-Item
water O
press B-Item
sensor I-Item

over B-Observation
heating I-Observation

leaking B-Observation
oring B-Item
on B-Location
holding B-Item
valve I-Item

broken B-Observation
control B-Item
connection. I-Item

one B-Cardinality
aircon. B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

over B-Activity
ride I-Activity
carousel B-Item
limit B-Attribute

over B-Activity
haul I-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
gear B-Item
box I-Item
on O
hrs B-Time

l/h B-Location
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cyl I-Item
head I-Item
torn B-Observation
out I-Observation

levelling B-Item
jacks I-Item
slow B-Observation

auto B-Item
level I-Item
device I-Item
reading B-Observation
backwards I-Observation

replace B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
muffler B-Item
pipe B-Item
lagging B-Observation

replace B-Activity
o-ring B-Item
in B-Location
valve B-Item

audit B-Activity
& O
adjust B-Activity
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item
item_id O

adjust B-Activity
position B-Item
arm I-Item

burnt B-Observation
out I-Observation
wiring B-Item
repaires B-Activity
to O
be O
finished O

replace B-Activity
o B-Item
ring I-Item
rod B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder. B-Item

inspect B-Activity
drill B-Item
rods I-Item
for O
changeout O

broken B-Observation
jack B-Item
guide I-Item

recover B-Activity
lost B-Observation
steel B-Item

l/h B-Location
lower I-Location
propel B-Item
pipe I-Item
cracked B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
, O
deck B-Item
bush B-Item
& O
b B-Item
o I-Item
fork I-Item

replace B-Activity
driveline. B-Item
prev O
failed B-Observation
@ O
15min B-Time

adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item

bent B-Observation
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item
cylinder B-Item

over B-Item
ride I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item
item_id O

replace B-Activity
a/c B-Item
incab B-Item
filter B-Item

miss B-Observation
in O
engine B-Item

rebuild B-Activity
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item

rebuild B-Activity
drill B-Item
deck B-Item
spanners B-Item

bush B-Item
walking B-Observation
out I-Observation
mast B-Item
brace B-Item

over B-Activity
haul I-Activity
potable B-Item
water I-Item
system I-Item

replace B-Activity
driveline B-Item
shaft I-Item

check B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
hydralic B-Item
line I-Item

replace B-Activity
drive B-Item
line I-Item
front B-Location

overfill B-Observation

inspected B-Activity
alternator B-Item

inspected B-Activity
air B-Item
compressor I-Item

repairs B-Activity
to O
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

replace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
fan B-Item
pump I-Item

l/h B-Location
propel B-Item
motor I-Item
manufacturer2 B-Agent
drain B-Item
fitting I-Item
leak B-Observation

krown O
labour O
item_id O
14.05.08 O

def O
: O
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cups B-Item
require B-Observation
attention O

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
gerarbox B-Item
. O

rear B-Location
door B-Item
keeps B-Observation
opening I-Observation

refit B-Activity
air B-Item
- I-Item
con I-Item
drive B-Item
belts I-Item

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
deflector I-Item

repair B-Activity
sub B-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
top B-Location
hat B-Item

repair B-Activity
steps B-Item

fit B-Activity
grease B-Consumable
fitting B-Item
to B-Location
cylinder B-Item

no O
feed O
and O
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
start I-Observation

changeout B-Activity
6 B-Cardinality
new B-Specifier
stems B-Item
item_id O

needs O
a O
crane B-Item
first O
up O
...dropped B-Observation
steel O

needed O
a O
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity

butteryfly B-Item
ram B-Item
sticking B-Observation

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
chain B-Item
off B-Observation
item_id O

replace B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filters. I-Consumable

rear B-Location
door B-Item
leaking B-Observation
dust I-Observation

broken B-Observation
rh B-Location
track B-Item

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
needs B-Observation
link O
removing O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
@ B-Location
tank. B-Item

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
l/h B-Location
jacking B-Item
cylinder. I-Item

krown B-Agent
labour B-Activity
na O
service O
/ O
tracks O
30.4 B-Time

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
centfugal B-Item
filter O

murphy B-Item
switch I-Item
hose B-Item
on B-Location
radiator B-Item
u/s B-Observation

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
inverter B-Item

mast B-Item
lighting B-Item
out B-Observation
on O
item_id O

coolant B-Consumable
leaking B-Observation

repair B-Activity
26a-122 O
cylinder B-Item

lost O
propel O

repair B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
pipe I-Item

lost B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
inverter B-Item

repair B-Activity
steel O
pipe B-Item
to B-Location
rotation B-Item
drive I-Item

krown O
labour O
item_id O
20/01/09 O

replace B-Activity
primary B-Specifier
air B-Item
cleaners I-Item

mast B-Item
lights B-Item
are O
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

engine B-Item
shutdown. B-Observation

repair B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
l/h B-Location
manifold B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filters I-Consumable
outers O

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
receiver I-Item
sight B-Item
glass I-Item

fit B-Activity
fitting B-Item

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
starting B-Item
system I-Item

no O
drive O
to B-Location
hyd B-Item
pump I-Item

fuel B-Item
transfer I-Item
pump I-Item
c/o B-Activity
on O
hrs B-Time

mast B-Item
lights B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
micro O
switch O
on O
hyd B-Item
tank I-Item
filter B-Item

rep B-Activity
[ I-Activity
lace I-Activity
relay B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
indercators B-Item

deck B-Item
cylinders B-Item
bypassing. B-Observation
duplicate O
job O

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
heater B-Item
hoses B-Item

no O
drill B-Item
lights B-Item
item_id O

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
item_id O

def O
: O
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
the O
mast B-Item

def O
: O
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
not B-Observation
holding I-Observation
rods B-Item

replace B-Activity
aux B-Specifier
hyd B-Item
pump I-Item

coolant B-Consumable
sensor B-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

needs O
a O
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity

mast B-Item
light B-Item
top B-Location
of I-Location
cab B-Item
u/s B-Observation

fuel O
transfer B-Item
pump I-Item
u/s B-Observation
see O
history O

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
slap B-Item
wrench I-Item

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
t/way B-Item

coolant B-Consumable
temp B-Attribute
sender B-Item
u/s B-Observation

broken B-Observation
spring B-Item
rhs B-Location
front B-Location

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
deck B-Item
spanner B-Item

dust B-Item
flaps I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

krown O
labour O
item_id O
19/11 O

engine B-Item
cut B-Observation
out I-Observation

bv B-Agent
to O
inspect B-Activity
and O
certify B-Activity
air B-Consumable
relief O
. O

button B-Item
for O
carousel B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
lower B-Location
lube O
injector B-Item

fit B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
stem B-Item
to O
na O

rear B-Location
dust B-Item
curtain I-Item
arm B-Item
to B-Location
hyd B-Item
cyl I-Item
broken B-Observation

lost O
rod B-Item
support I-Item
and O
carousel B-Item
function O

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belt. B-Item

hydraulic B-Item
hoses I-Item
catching B-Observation
on B-Location
mast B-Item

deck B-Item
falling O
down O

lost B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
l O
/ O
hand O
track B-Item

engine B-Item
coolant O
level O
alarm B-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
steel O
hydraulic B-Item
pipe I-Item

repair B-Activity
earth B-Observation
fault I-Observation
on B-Location
light B-Item
no.7 B-Specifier

replace B-Activity
pressure B-Item
switch I-Item
on B-Location
piro B-Item
tube I-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
index B-Item
lock I-Item
check B-Activity

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
decompression B-Item
valve I-Item

head B-Item
wont B-Observation
come I-Observation
down I-Observation

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
carousel B-Item
area. B-Location

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
hose I-Item

repair B-Activity
cup B-Item
support B-Item

fit B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
light B-Item
under B-Location
cab B-Item

deck B-Item
fork I-Item
ram B-Item
hose B-Item
blown B-Observation
item_id O

repair B-Activity
engine B-Item
guard B-Item

fuel B-Consumable
solonoid B-Item
u/s B-Observation

no O
down O
feed O
item_id O

could O
not B-Observation
start I-Observation
& O
no O
lights O

remove B-Activity
bridging B-Item
from O
oil B-Consumable
comp B-Item
filter B-Item

engine B-Item
shutting B-Observation
down I-Observation
fuel B-Consumable
prob O
na O

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
front B-Location
palfinger B-Item
crane I-Item

change B-Activity
lhr B-Location
carrier B-Item
roller B-Item

head-up O
limit B-Item
switch I-Item
broken B-Observation

dust B-Observation
leaking I-Observation
around B-Location
pleunem B-Item
box I-Item

changeout B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
hid B-Item
lights I-Item
on B-Location
item_id O

fix B-Activity
dash B-Item
lights I-Item

receiver B-Item
air B-Attribute
pressure I-Attribute
high B-Observation
at O
135psi B-Observation

engine B-Item
shutdown B-Observation
on B-Location
oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Item
switch I-Item

broken B-Observation
elec B-Item
wires I-Item
r/s B-Location
of O
mast B-Item

engine B-Item
cutting B-Observation
out I-Observation

rear B-Location
door B-Item
wont B-Observation
stay I-Observation
closed I-Observation

fix B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
pump B-Item

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
report O
item_id O
scv O
13/01/09 B-Time

coolent B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

replace B-Activity
primary B-Specifier
fuel B-Item
filter I-Item

remove B-Activity
and O
repair B-Activity
chip B-Item
deflector I-Item

changeout B-Activity
" O
hedweld B-Item
" O
step B-Item
card I-Item
na O

fit B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
rod B-Item

bypass B-Activity
check I-Activity
carousel B-Item
swing B-Item
cyls. B-Item

replace B-Activity
mine B-Item
two/way I-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
fitting B-Item

head B-Item
wont B-Observation
feed I-Observation
down I-Observation
item_id O

fit B-Activity
feed B-Item
potentiometer B-Item
back O
into O
system B-Item

krown O
labour O
na O

repair B-Activity
engine B-Item
fire B-Item
supression I-Item
capillary I-Item

deck B-Item
fork I-Item
hoses B-Item
leaking B-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
gear B-Item
box I-Item

head B-Item
wont B-Observation
feed I-Observation
down I-Observation
no O
pressure B-Attribute

dust O
entry B-Observation
into B-Location
cab B-Item
bomb B-Item

deck B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
leaking B-Observation
badly I-Observation

krown O
labour O
item_id O
shut O

engine B-Item
shuting B-Observation
down I-Observation
to O
idle B-Observation

replace B-Activity
primer B-Item
pump I-Item

dust O
getting B-Observation
into I-Observation
cab B-Item

coolant B-Consumable
suspect O
- O
replace B-Activity

change B-Activity
lh B-Location
fork B-Item
cylinder I-Item

renew B-Activity
counter B-Item
chain I-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
refrigerator B-Item

renew B-Activity
deck B-Item
seal B-Item

changeout B-Activity
a/c B-Item
compressor B-Item
clutch B-Item
na O

auto B-Item
lube I-Item
playing B-Observation
up I-Observation

repair B-Activity
exhaust B-Item
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
flexible B-Specifier
join B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
breakout B-Item
wrench I-Item

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

refit B-Activity
jack B-Item
pad I-Item

refit B-Activity
and O
adjust B-Activity
rod B-Item
support B-Item
arm I-Item

no O
down O
feed O
pressure B-Attribute

rebuild B-Activity
track B-Item
chain B-Item

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation

rebuild B-Activity
timing B-Item
shaft I-Item
& O
put B-Activity
back I-Activity
in B-Location
stock B-Location

coolant B-Consumable
leaking B-Observation
from B-Location
radiator B-Item
core B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
receiver I-Item
safety O
valve B-Item

dust B-Observation
entry I-Observation
into B-Location
cab B-Item

cootant B-Consumable
temp. B-Attribute
alarm O

fix B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
switch B-Item
item_id O

fix B-Activity
deck B-Item
spanner I-Item
and O
deck B-Item
bush I-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
out O
hard O
pipe B-Item
p O
/ O
part O

bypassing O
injectors B-Item
front B-Location
levelling B-Item
jack I-Item

change B-Activity
left B-Location
turbo B-Item
hal O
life O

fuel B-Consumable
solenoid B-Item
u B-Observation
\ I-Observation
s I-Observation

def O
: O
plug B-Item
on B-Location
back I-Location
of I-Location
camara B-Item
screen B-Item
u/s B-Observation

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
chain B-Item

refit B-Activity
pump B-Item
bolts O
fallen B-Observation
out I-Observation

engine B-Item
shut B-Observation
down I-Observation
would B-Observation
not I-Observation
start I-Observation

engine B-Item
crankcase B-Item
oil B-Consumable
level B-Attribute
low O

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
bolts O
in B-Location
pipe B-Item
positioner I-Item

fit B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
stem B-Item
to B-Location
carousel B-Item
/ O
build B-Activity
upcup B-Item

bv B-Agent
12 B-Cardinality
monthly B-Specifier
crack O
inspection B-Activity

bypass B-Item
toggle I-Item
requires B-Observation
replacing B-Activity
item_id O

fueland O
head O
speed O
gauge B-Item
u/s B-Observation
suss B-Activity
out I-Activity

rebuild B-Activity
timing B-Item
shaft I-Item

krown O
labour O
na O
29/10 O

no O
feed B-Item
pressure B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
propel B-Item
hose I-Item

no O
down O
hole O
air O

receiver B-Item
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
@ B-Location
main B-Specifier
relief B-Item
valve I-Item

renew B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belt I-Item

lost O
rotation O
& O
engine B-Item
shut O
down O
na O

krown O
labour O
item_id O
22/10 O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
dog B-Item
box I-Item

engine B-Item
cut B-Observation
out I-Observation
no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
start O

replace B-Activity
micro B-Item
wave I-Item
oven I-Item

repair B-Activity
cup B-Item
on B-Location
rod B-Item
holder I-Item

needed O
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity

rear B-Location
door B-Item
letting B-Observation
in I-Observation
dust I-Observation

replace B-Activity
prim. B-Specifier
fuel B-Item
filter I-Item

lost O
propel O
while O
loading O
on O
float O
item_id O

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
gerarbox B-Item
bush B-Item

broken B-Observation
rod B-Item
support I-Item
cylinder B-Item

change B-Activity
lube B-Consumable
injectors B-Item

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
pipe B-Item
above B-Location
holding B-Item
valve I-Item

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
commercial B-Item
radio I-Item
item_id O

lost B-Observation
rotation O
& O
feed O
function O
item_id. O

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
feed/rotation B-Item
controller I-Item

broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
the O
cylinder B-Item

krown O
labour O
item_id O
n/s O

fuel B-Consumable
solinoid B-Item
u/s B-Observation

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
manufacturer30 O
screen B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
pre B-Item
cleaner I-Item
bowl B-Item

rep B-Activity
[ I-Activity
lace I-Activity
breakout B-Item
dies I-Item

replace B-Activity
air O
on/off O
valve B-Item
base B-Location
of I-Location
mast B-Item

refit B-Activity
aircon B-Item
belt B-Item
guard B-Item
to O
item_id O

replace B-Activity
angle B-Item
lock I-Item
cylinder. I-Item

repair B-Activity
steel O
hydraulic B-Item

replace B-Activity
primary B-Specifier
suction B-Item
screen I-Item
fuel B-Item
sys I-Item

engine B-Item
shutdown B-Observation
, O
cylinder B-Item
head B-Item
failure B-Observation

change B-Activity
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
proxy B-Item
switch I-Item

repair B-Activity
external O
flood B-Item
lights I-Item

deck B-Item
hydraulic I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

repace B-Activity
r/h B-Location
rear I-Location
jack B-Item
cylinder I-Item
boot B-Item

refit B-Activity
415v B-Specifier
alternator B-Item
item_id O
when O
it O
arri O

change B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
l/h B-Location
final B-Item
drive I-Item
bad B-Observation
sample O

def O
: O
pto B-Item
boxes I-Item
noisy B-Observation

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
curtains I-Item

rebuild B-Activity
timing B-Item
shaft I-Item
for O
stock O

deck B-Item
inspection O
door B-Item
broken B-Observation

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
cracked B-Observation
steel B-Item
pipe I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
in B-Location
mast B-Item
cross B-Item
braces I-Item

changeout B-Activity
3u/s B-Cardinality
lights B-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
/ I-Item
unlock I-Item
lights I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
chain B-Item
loose B-Observation

repair B-Activity
crane B-Item
controls B-Item
and O
motor B-Item
wireing B-Item

engine B-Item
shut B-Observation
off I-Observation
solenoid B-Item
faulty B-Observation

head B-Item
wo'nt B-Observation
come I-Observation
down I-Observation

remove/replace B-Activity
rh B-Location
track B-Item
chain. B-Item

coolant B-Consumable
no O
flow O
code O
34 O

needs O
2 B-Cardinality
new B-Specifier
rods&reamer B-Item

head B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
lower I-Observation

bypass B-Activity
test I-Activity
mast B-Item
raise B-Item
cylinders I-Item
item_id O

fix B-Activity
cable B-Item
tray I-Item
for O
hoses B-Item

def O
: O
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
requires B-Observation
attention B-Activity

deck B-Item
cylinders B-Item
creeping O
valve B-Item
u/s B-Observation

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
encoder B-Item
u/s B-Observation
item_id O

fuel O
transfer B-Item
pump I-Item
see O
history O
? O

no O
feed B-Item
control O

need O
to O
straighten B-Activity
deck B-Item
door B-Item

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
in O
rotarh B-Item
head I-Item
speed B-Attribute

broken B-Observation
rh B-Location
side I-Location
track B-Item

rep B-Activity
[ I-Activity
lace I-Activity
lh B-Location
rear B-Location
bottom B-Location
light B-Item

need O
to O
find B-Activity
parts B-Item

fix B-Activity
door B-Item
seal I-Item

remove B-Activity
and O
repair B-Activity
chain B-Item
guards I-Item

no O
feed O

bypass B-Activity
test I-Activity
on B-Location
feed B-Item
cylinders B-Item

remove B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
deflector B-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
index B-Item
cylinder I-Item

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
skirts I-Item

replace B-Activity
presure O
switch B-Item
hyd B-Item
filter B-Item

replace B-Activity
pressure B-Item
gauge I-Item

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
pipe B-Item

dust B-Observation
leak I-Observation
top B-Location
of I-Location
door. B-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cylinders I-Item
not B-Observation
releasing I-Observation
item_id O

change B-Activity
machine B-Item
filters B-Consumable

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
faulty B-Observation

coolent B-Consumable
leaking B-Observation
out B-Location
turbo B-Item

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
shute I-Item
rubbers B-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cylinder I-Item
wont B-Observation
release I-Observation

engine B-Item
shut B-Observation
off I-Observation
solenoid B-Item
sticking B-Observation

head B-Item
would B-Observation
n't I-Observation
go I-Observation
up I-Observation
or I-Observation
down I-Observation

def O
: O
one B-Cardinality
load B-Item
roller I-Item
leaking B-Observation

engine B-Item
cutting B-Observation
out I-Observation
without O
warning. O

def O
: O
one B-Cardinality
a/c B-Item
blowing B-Observation
hot I-Observation
air B-Consumable

bv B-Agent
; O
down O
day O
ndt B-Activity
inspections I-Activity

fix B-Activity
carousel B-Item
sensor B-Item

lost B-Observation
rod B-Item
support I-Item
and O
carasoul B-Item
function O

repair B-Activity
exposed B-Observation
cables B-Item
and O
light B-Item

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
machine B-Item

change B-Activity
no O
, O
4.11.13 B-Specifier
cab B-Item
glass B-Item

engine B-Item
shutting B-Observation
down I-Observation
item_id O

repair B-Activity
1 B-Cardinality
light B-Item

remove B-Activity
bent B-Observation
up I-Observation
chainguard B-Item

repair B-Activity
straighten B-Activity
track B-Item
rock B-Item
guards I-Item

repair B-Activity
steel O
pipe B-Item
propel B-Item
system I-Item

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
engaged O
light B-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation

broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
l/h/r B-Location
jack B-Item

def O
: O
pipe B-Item
support I-Item
cup B-Item
need B-Observation
attention B-Activity

fuel B-Consumable
tank B-Item
mount B-Item
cracked B-Observation

remove B-Activity
and O
repair B-Activity
jack B-Item
pad B-Item
guide B-Item

lost B-Observation
rotary B-Item
drive I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
under B-Location
water B-Item
tank I-Item

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
in B-Location
cabinet B-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
chain B-Item
guides B-Item
on B-Location
na O

coolant B-Consumable
looks B-Observation
burnt I-Observation
may O
need O
to B-Activity
change I-Activity

coolant B-Consumable
over O
temp O

fit B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
mast B-Item
lacing B-Item
to O
r/h B-Location
side I-Location

no O
feed B-Item
controll O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
compressor B-Item
cooler B-Item

krown O
labour O
na O
3/11 O

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
pos B-Item
terminal I-Item

coolant B-Consumable
sensor B-Item
wwiring B-Item
on B-Location
engine B-Item
burnt B-Observation

rebuild B-Activity
timing B-Item
shaft I-Item
sprocket B-Item
x O
na O

replace B-Activity
middle B-Location
stacker B-Item
valve I-Item

repair B-Activity
steel O
rotation O
pipe B-Item

repair B-Activity
sub B-Item
and O
adaptor B-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
t B-Item
v I-Item
monitor B-Item

rear B-Location
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
c/o B-Activity

fuel B-Consumable
solenoid B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
minimum O
pressure O
valve B-Item

replace B-Activity
angle B-Item
drilling I-Item
lock I-Item
pin I-Item

coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
engine B-Item

coolant B-Consumable
leak O
on B-Location
radiator B-Item

def O
: O
one B-Cardinality
driveshaft B-Item
suspect B-Observation

cooling B-Item
system I-Item
developed O
coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation

broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
angle B-Item
lock I-Item
cyl. B-Item

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
@ B-Location
rh I-Location
turbo B-Item
drain B-Item

rebuld B-Activity
break B-Item
out I-Item
fork B-Item
assembly B-Item

coolant B-Consumable
level B-Item
alarm I-Item
coming B-Observation
on I-Observation

engine B-Item
down B-Observation
on O
power B-Attribute

repair B-Activity
dust B-Observation
leaks I-Observation
into B-Location
cab B-Item

engine B-Item
shuting B-Observation
down I-Observation
low B-Observation
oil B-Consumable
pressure B-Attribute

replace B-Activity
air B-Item
hose I-Item
to B-Location
thread B-Item
lubricator. B-Item

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
mounting B-Item
bolt I-Item
& O
align B-Activity

dust B-Item
flaps I-Item
siezed B-Observation
up I-Observation

changeout B-Activity
9kg B-Specifier
dyr O
chemical B-Specifier
extinguishers B-Item

head B-Item
will B-Observation
only I-Observation
come I-Observation
down I-Observation
1/2 I-Observation
way I-Observation

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
lower B-Location
slides B-Item

engine B-Item
cutting B-Observation
out. I-Observation

broken B-Observation
top B-Location
carousel B-Item
swing B-Item
cylinder I-Item

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
in O
track B-Item
frames B-Item

remove B-Activity
bent B-Observation
drill B-Item
stem B-Item
from B-Location
carousel B-Item

engine B-Item
cover I-Item
mounts B-Item
u/s B-Observation

repair B-Activity
stem B-Item
damage B-Observation

deck B-Item
fork I-Item
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
item_id O

dust B-Item
flap I-Item
wo B-Observation
n't I-Observation
raise I-Observation

broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
circuit B-Item
breaker I-Item

rear B-Location
door B-Item
seal I-Item
leaking B-Observation

dust B-Observation
leaking I-Observation
into B-Location
cab B-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
locking B-Item
pin I-Item
needs O
item_id O

changeout B-Activity
1kg B-Specifier
cab O
dcp O
extinguisher B-Item

remove B-Activity
bent B-Observation
drill B-Item
rod B-Item

coolent B-Consumable
leaking B-Observation

head B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
travel I-Observation
down I-Observation

need O
another O
steel B-Item
for O
morning O

fuel B-Consumable
tank B-Item
bolts B-Consumable
loose B-Observation

fix B-Activity
carousel B-Item
control B-Item
button I-Item
item_id O

rebuild B-Activity
worn B-Observation
drill B-Item
rods I-Item

repair B-Activity
/ O
replace B-Activity
hydraulic B-Item
hose. I-Item

replace B-Activity
power B-Item
step I-Item
lower O
solenoid B-Item

repair B-Activity
dust B-Item
shute I-Item

coolant B-Consumable
suspect O
--- O
replacing B-Activity

deck B-Item
fork I-Item
cylinder B-Item
u/s B-Observation
na O

rear B-Location
door B-Item
rusted B-Observation
away I-Observation

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
behind B-Location
mast B-Item

repair B-Activity
emergency O
access B-Item
stairs I-Item

head B-Item
will B-Observation
not I-Observation
go I-Observation
up I-Observation
or I-Observation
down I-Observation

coolant B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
on B-Location
water B-Item
pump I-Item
item_id O

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
in B-Location
traveling B-Item
sheave I-Item
gusset B-Item

lost B-Observation
rotation O

fix B-Activity
mast B-Item
locking B-Item
indicator B-Item
swtich O

broken B-Observation
rh B-Location
angle B-Item
locking I-Item
cyl I-Item
item_id O

hydraulic O
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
index B-Specifier
cylinder. B-Item

broken B-Observation
fuel B-Item
line I-Item

refit B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
/ O
24 B-Specifier
v I-Specifier
lights B-Item
to B-Location
rear I-Location
of O
machine B-Item

repair B-Activity
/refit B-Activity
jack B-Item
leg B-Item
base B-Item

replace B-Activity
alternator B-Item
belts B-Item

changeout B-Activity
rotary B-Item
head I-Item
motor B-Item
- O
right B-Location

repair B-Activity
emergency B-Item
stop I-Item
on B-Location
engine B-Item
box B-Item

fit B-Activity
glass B-Item
to B-Location
rear I-Location
camera B-Item

change B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
and O
filters B-Consumable
( O
sample O
) O

changeout B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
hid B-Item
lights I-Item
item_id O

refit B-Activity
and O
adjust B-Activity
pipe B-Item
in B-Location
hole B-Item
sensor I-Item

change B-Activity
oil B-Item
line I-Item
gasket B-Item
item_id O

deliver B-Activity
and O
temp O
install B-Activity
new B-Specifier
fridge. B-Item

broken B-Observation
feed B-Item
chain B-Item

broken B-Observation
glass B-Item
in B-Location
door B-Item

broken B-Observation
fitting B-Item
on B-Location
deck B-Item
wrench B-Item

remove B-Activity
bent B-Observation
stem B-Item

depth B-Item
counter I-Item
not B-Observation
working I-Observation
item_id O

refit B-Activity
adaptor B-Item
to B-Location
rotary B-Item
head I-Item

replace B-Activity
carousel B-Item
gearbox B-Item
shaft B-Item

engine B-Item
coolant O
alarm B-Item
going B-Observation
off I-Observation
na O

broken B-Observation
go B-Item
switch I-Item
r/h B-Location
mast B-Item
lock B-Item
.the O
in O

rear B-Location
drive B-Item
shaft I-Item
sheared B-Observation
off I-Observation
pump B-Item
box I-Item

replace B-Activity
microwave B-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable

recalibrate B-Activity
feed B-Item
controller B-Item

hydraulic O
leak O
on B-Location
a/c B-Item
unit O

repair B-Activity
cups B-Item

replace B-Activity
air B-Consumable
filter I-Consumable
indicators B-Item

broken B-Observation
rod B-Item
support I-Item
swing B-Item
cyl I-Item
item_id O

dust B-Item
deflector I-Item
rubber B-Item
falling B-Observation
off I-Observation

broken B-Observation
top B-Location
window B-Item
item_id O

mast B-Item
light B-Item
out B-Observation

broken B-Observation
tool B-Item
wrench B-Item
holding B-Item
cylinder. I-Item

no B-Observation
power I-Observation
to O
fridge B-Item
or O
jug B-Item

refit B-Activity
2 B-Cardinality
x O
24v B-Specifier
lights B-Item
to B-Location
machine B-Item

depth O
counter B-Item
not B-Observation
working. I-Observation

removed B-Activity
light B-Item
braket B-Item
u/s B-Observation

replace B-Activity
aux B-Item
box B-Item
breather B-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
cracks B-Observation
on B-Location
pipe B-Item
roation O

mast B-Item
lock B-Item
cylinder I-Item
wont B-Observation
retract I-Observation
item_id O

needs B-Observation
jump B-Activity
start I-Activity

repair B-Activity
feed B-Item
line B-Item

fit B-Activity
extra B-Specifier
hand B-Item
rail I-Item
stunchion O

rep,,lace B-Activity
positioner B-Item
arm I-Item
cups B-Item

fix B-Activity
leaking B-Observation
oil B-Consumable

replace B-Activity
middle B-Location
o B-Item
ring I-Item
rear B-Location
feed B-Item
pump I-Item

replace B-Activity
missing B-Observation
bolt B-Consumable
in B-Location
power B-Item
tongs I-Item

broken B-Observation
track B-Item
grease B-Item
line I-Item
na O

repair B-Activity
oil B-Consumable
leak B-Observation
at B-Location
breakout B-Item
fork I-Item

remove B-Activity
and O
replace B-Activity
rods B-Item

